--- Document Metadata ---
Title: Sustainability report
Author: Lloyds Banking Group
Created: D:20240228155741Z
Pages: 178
--- End Metadata ---

Building
a sustainable
and inclusive
Lloyds Banking Group
Sustainability Report 2023

Welcome
As the UK’s largest financial services
provider with more than 27 million
customers, we have an important role
to play in creating a more sustainable
and inclusive future for people and
businesses, by shaping finance as
a force for good.
Our purpose is
Helping Britain
Prosper

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 01
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Inside this report
Overview How we deliver Sustainable future Our 2023 reporting suite
01—05 13—29 84—175 Our 2023 report provides an
update on our progress towards
our sustainability ambitions, along
with the activities we are undertaking
Welcome 01 Group roles, responsibilities 2023 in review 85-86 to understand our related risk
and remuneration 14-16 and the opportunities to grow our
Inside this report 02 Our environmental strategy 87-94
business and generate sustainable
Conducting our business responsibly 17-24
Scope of this report 03 Own operations 95-100 shareholder returns. Throughout this
Supporting our customers to ensure
Group Chief Executive’s statement 04-05 Supply chain 101-104 report, we detail the activities we are
good outcomes 25-26
undertaking to help our customers
Data, financial planning and controls 105
Our frameworks 27-28 and stakeholders.
Banking activities 106-111
Upcoming regulation 29
Our Group strategy Alongside progress on broader environmental,
Transition plan by system 112-149 social and governance matters, this report includes
the second iteration of our Bank climate transition
06—12 Risk management and scenario analysis 150-159 plan, and a progress update on the climate action
plan previously released by Scottish Widows.
Inclusive future
Scottish Widows 160-175
This report covers the Group’s sustainability
30—83 progress from a broader environmental, social
and governance perspective. Details on the Group’s
Our business model 07
progress against the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and
Our strategic sustainability priorities
recommended disclosures and the Group’s reporting
and values 08
requirements under Mandatory climate-related
2023 in review 31-32
financial disclosures for Companies (Strategic
Our approach to materiality 09
Report)(Climate-related Financial Disclosure)
Promoting financial inclusion
Our material ESG topics 10 Regulations 2022 are included within pages 33
and resilience 33-43 to 38 of the annual report and accounts 2023 .
How we support our stakeholders 11-12
Access to quality housing 44-50
Assurance
Deloitte LLP has provided limited assurance over
Supporting regional development and
selected environmental and social key performance
communities 51-57
indicators. Deloitte’s 2023 assurance statement and
the 2023 sustainability metrics basis of reporting
Diversity, equity and inclusion 58-79
are available on our download centre .
Human rights and modern slavery 80-83
√ Indicator is subject to limited ISAE 3000 (revised) assurance
by Deloitte LLP for the 2023 reporting.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 02
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Scope of this report
Within this report, reference to the
Group covers our three divisions:
Retail; Insurance, Pensions and
Investments; and Commercial Banking.
Bank is limited to our Retail and
Commercial Banking operations.
Scottish Widows relates to our Insurance,
Pensions and Investment activities.
The data and examples in this report reflect activities
undertaken during the 2023 financial year (1 January to
31 December 2023) and, where relevant to performance,
refer to activities and events before and after this period.
The report includes information about Lloyds Banking
Group and its subsidiaries’ performance.
Please see the disclaimer on page 176 for further information
about the basis on which this document, and the information
contained within it (including forward-looking statements),
has been prepared.
Further information about our sustainability related policies,
sector positions, performance ratings and benchmarks
can be found online at our download centre .

Our structure
We have three core divisions and, in line with our new strategy
launched in 2022, we have structured our business to optimise
synergies and efficiencies to best serve our customers’ needs.
Consumer lending Consumer relationships
• Mortgages • Current accounts
• Credit cards • Savings accounts
Retail • Personal loans • Mass affluent proposition
• Motor finance
Lloyds Insurance, pensions and investments Insurance, • Home, motor and protection insurance
Banking Pensions and • Pensions
Group plc Investments
• Investments
Small and medium businesses Corporate and
Commercial • Business loans institutional banking
Banking • Transactional • Lending
banking • Risk management
• Working capital • Liquidity
• Debt capital markets
Our reporting network
Our reporting network is designed Annual report and accounts 2023
to facilitate better communication Sustainability metrics basis of reporting
to a range of stakeholders.
Sustainability metrics data sheet
Sustainability reporting framework index
Sustainable financing framework
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 03
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 4]
Our structure
----------------------------------------
We have three core divisions and, in line with our new strategy launched in 2022, we have structured our business to optimise synergies and efficiencies to best serve our customers’ needs. Consumer lending Consumer relationships • Mortgages • Current accounts • Credit cards • Savings accounts Retail • Personal loans • Mass affluent proposition • Motor finance Lloyds Insurance, pensions and investments Insurance, • Home, motor and protection insurance Banking Pensions and • Pensions Group plc Investments • Investments Small and medium businesses Corporate and Commercial • Business loans institutional banking Banking • Transactional • Lending banking • Risk management • Working capital • Liquidity • Debt capital markets

[Table 2 — Page 4]

----------------------------------------


Group Chief
Executive’s
statement
I’m pleased to share our
sustainability report 2023
detailing how we’re delivering
on our purpose of Helping Britain
Prosper by enabling sustainable
and inclusive growth for people
and businesses across the UK.

We support practically every sector of
£29bn
the UK economy, and we serve millions
of people and businesses every day.
of sustainable finance provided
Our lending, investments, products since 2022 to support the transition
and services are powerful drivers to a low carbon economy
of creating a sustainable and inclusive
future for all, as well as enabling the
Group to grow profitably with our
£21.7bn
customers.
of discretionary investment in
By focusing on Helping Britain Prosper, we aim to climate-aware strategies since 2020
deliver sustainable growth and returns. Guided by our
Group strategy, we are focusing on areas where we can
have a bigger impact. In a year that’s meant continued
hardship and uncertainty for many, we have focused on
>£17bn
promoting financial inclusion and resilience, increasing
access to quality housing, working to unlock business
investment to enable greater regional development of new funding to the UK’s social
and grow productivity across the UK. We’ve also made housing sector since 2018
significant progress in capitalising on sustainable
opportunities through new acquisitions and partnerships
and investing in climate-aware strategies. We know
there is much more to be done to support customers 12%
as they transition to net zero, but our commitment by 2025
and focus remain strong. Launched our goal to double the representation
of senior colleagues with a disability
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 04
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Group Chief Executive’s statement continued
Industry partnerships and commitments Promoting financial inclusion and resilience Supporting regional development and Looking at our financed emissions, we have set new targets
Over the past 12 months, I’ve met with customers up communities for Passenger Road Transport, Commercial and Residential
By participating in global and regional and down the UK and the cost of living continues to be We have taken important steps forward in our regional Real Estate, and Agriculture. We are continuing to challenge
a challenge and concern for many. In the last year, we development in 2023. We launched our Liverpool City Region ourselves on our sustainability goals and we have launched
commitments and partnerships, we have helped customers adapt their finances, manage Housing Initiative and Leeds Retrofit Partnership. new operational emissions pledges to be zero waste and
collaborate with peers on industry debt and supported them as they navigate continued water neutral by 2030. We have also launched our first
initiatives to create positive change. economic uncertainty. By using data and insights to gain Our work in Liverpool aims to address the need for more nature pledge to halt and reverse nature loss across our a deeper understanding of customer needs, we proactively social and affordable housing. Our Leeds retrofit project is green spaces. Overall, our sustainability strategy represents
Key memberships which supported contacted 7.5 million customers since April 2022, to offer testing whether a local, place-based approach to financing a significant strategic and commercial opportunity
our approach to sustainability: support through challenging times. We reached out to homes retrofit can accelerate decarbonising the UK’s consistent with our purpose.
675,000 of our mortgage customers to encourage a review housing stock. Both projects show how we’re working with
of their available options and we contacted 15 million industry and local authorities to develop solutions that really It is clear though, that parts of our economy are not
deposit customers to ensure they are aware of their work for local communities that can be scaled elsewhere. transitioning at the speed and scale required. Reaching
savings options. net zero relies on government, industry and society acting
together with certainty, pace and focus. We remain
Capitalising on sustainable opportunities
committed to delivering on our net zero ambitions, but
Increasing access to quality housing
At COP28 in December, I joined global businesses and we are realistic that insufficient progress in key areas like
Access to quality housing is a fundamental human need policymakers to discuss accelerating the environmental policy commitments, technology and behaviour change
and a home is key to giving people a stable foundation. transition. Finance is central to a successful low carbon will ultimately limit our ability to achieve them.
We are one of the largest funders of UK house building transition and businesses like ours must help drive progress.
and since 2018 we have supported over £17 billion of new
funding to the social housing sector. I’ve spent time with We’ve made important headway on our sustainability Continuing to deliver in 2024
several housing association clients this year and seen agenda, whilst growing our business this year. To support I am proud of the role we play in supporting the UK
first-hand how they are building the next generation the transition to a low carbon economy we have funded economy and the important progress we’ve made this
of UK homes with social and green spaces at their centre. £29 billion of sustainable financing since 2022. We have year. As we look forward, I feel energised by our ambitious
A clear example of building a more sustainable and grown our low carbon transport business through our growth strategy that will Help Britain Prosper by creating
inclusive society in action, with safe, affordable and acquisition of Tusker and we now finance one in eight ULEVs a sustainable and inclusive society for people and
sustainable homes that help communities thrive. Expanding on UK roads. In support of our focus on greening the built businesses, shaping finance as a force for good.
on our work on quality housing, we launched a strategic environment, we launched a new solar panel proposition
partnership with Crisis and are calling for 1 million new social with Effective Home. We have exceeded our target for
homes to be built in the next 10 years. It’s been wonderful £15 billion of sustainable financing for our Corporate
to see colleagues get behind the partnership and exceed and Institutional Banking franchise, originally set for the
our target of fundraising £1 million in its first year. end of 2024. We are continuing to challenge ourselves and
have set a new Commercial Banking target of £30 billion
of sustainable financing for 2024 to 2026, which will take Charlie Nunn,
the cumulative total for the division to £45 billion by 2026. Group Chief Executive
Through Scottish Widows, we have made £21.7 billion
of discretionary investment in climate-aware strategies
since 2020 and will continue to work across our pensions
and investment activities to support decarbonisation
and climate solutions.
* S ince 2016, Lloyds Banking Group has been committed to the
UN Global Compact corporate responsibility initiative and its
principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment,
and anti-corruption.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 05
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 6]

----------------------------------------


We are Helping Britain Prosper
by creating a more sustainable
and inclusive future.
Our Group
strategy

In this section
Our business model 07
Our strategic sustainability priorities and values 08
Our approach to materiality 09
Our material ESG topics 10
How we support our stakeholders 11
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 06
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our business model
Our business model
Given our unique position at the heart of the UK economy, we
embrace our responsibility to help address some of the biggest
economic, social and environmental challenges that the UK faces.
Sustainable and inclusive growth
Our social and environmental impact
Supporting our Supporting our Supporting our
Customers Colleagues Communities
We provide financial services to over half We are committed to building an inclusive Our success is intrinsically linked with the
of the UK adult population and around and sustainable organisation that is truly success of the UK’s regions and nations.
900,000 businesses of all sizes, responding representative of modern-day Britain. We are committed to helping communities
to the needs and challenges they are We know that colleagues who can show through our support of regional
facing. up to work as themselves are central to development to build a sustainable
By supporting our customers through our success. and inclusive UK.
sustainable finance, investments, We are focused on embedding When local people, local businesses, and
products and services, it enables us to sustainability in all that we do to enable their communities all prosper, so can we.
unlock growth and transform the Group. our colleagues to deliver on our purpose.
>£12bn >85% £24.7m
of funding to first-time of colleagues are shareholder donated to our independent
buyers in 2023 of the Group Foundations in 2023
£15.8bn 40.1% £2.7bn
of sustainable finance provided of our senior manager roles of funding supported to the
for corporate and institutional were held by women in 2023 social housing sector in 2023
customers since 2022

In February 2022, as part of our new strategy, we investors. In doing this we aim to meet the needs of
committed to an ambition to become a truly purpose- our broader stakeholders through sustainable growth,
driven organisation and we are taking steps to embed supporting the prosperity of the UK for generations to come.
purpose at the core of our business, decision-making,
operations and culture. Our multi-year strategy will be a transformation requiring
us to build towards our ambition progressively, through
Our strategy is directly aligned to our purpose of Helping commitments, objectives and ambitions, and to embed our
Britain Prosper, building on the scale and position of the purpose into our decision-making, culture and capabilities.
Group, that will deliver long-term and profitable growth The Board of Lloyds Banking Group is responsible for the
while making a meaningful and positive difference for all long-term success of the Group, setting and overseeing
stakeholders. Core to our purpose and strategy is our focus purpose, culture, values and strategy for the Group.
on building a more inclusive and sustainable society, while Together with the Group Executive Committee, the Board
creating new opportunities for our future growth. It is only by actively drives our efforts and engages in shaping our
doing right by our customers, colleagues and communities strategic plans, ensuring these are aligned to our purpose,
that we can achieve higher, more sustainable profits for while overseeing their delivery.
Sustainable profit and returns
er
vi c
es
and
solutions
In n
o v
s a
ct
s, tio
n
d
u ,
d
o e
P r v e
lo
p
m Returns for
e
n
t Shareholders
ni
,
F u u fl The Group’s robust financial performance
n e has delivered a return on tangible equity
d n
in
e
c that has exceeded our guidance and
g generated strong levels of capital, enabling
, in higher returns for our shareholders.
v
e
stm
ent
and expertise
Sustainably managing the value 2.2m £3.8bn 2.76p
we create for all our stakeholders
ensures that we can reshape financial shareholders, returned to ordinary
including more shareholders dividend per
services and Help Britain Prosper for
than 85% of for 2023 share
generations to come.
our employees
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 07
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our strategic sustainability priorities and values
Our strategic sustainability priorities
Our Group strategy focuses
on three priorities ‘Grow’, Group strategic
Grow Focus Change
priorities
‘Focus’ and ‘Change’ to
help us achieve this. Our
Drive revenue Strengthen Maximise the
sustainability objectives
support the delivery of growth and cost and capital potential of
the Group strategy. diversification efficiency people, technology
and data
Our • Capitalising on inclusive and • Reducing emissions and • Embedding sustainability
monitoring our sustainabilitysustainability sustainable financing and in all that we do
objectives investment opportunities related risks to manage costs and • Supporting and
• Improving access to mitigate against future losses engaging our colleagues
quality housing • Strengthening our balance sheet • Building an inclusive and
• Increasing access to banking by supporting customers, clients diverse organisation
and communities through
by promoting financial inclusion
challenging times
and resilience
• Supporting regional development
and productivity
How our sustainability Transitioning our business
objectives deliver value Supporting Managing the to net zero
for our stakeholders Promoting Improving regional Promoting environmental Banking Group
financial access to development diversity, Managing our performance Managing our ambitions,
inclusion and quality and equity and impact on of our own supply chain targets and Our focus on
resilience housing communities inclusion human rights operations emissions progress Scottish Widows
(pages 33 to 43) (pages 44 to 50) (pages 51 to 57) (pages 58 to 79) (pages 80 to 83) (pages 95 to 100) (pages 101 to 104) (pages 105 to 159) (pages 160 to 175)
Our sustainability objectives aim
to create positive outcomes for Supporting our
our colleagues, customers and customers
communities while building a more
resilient and profitable business
Supporting our
to deliver higher, more sustainable
colleagues
returns for our shareholders.
Supporting our
communities

Our values
Our values guide how we work together
and how we make decisions, so that
we’re always Helping Britain Prosper
by meeting the needs of customers,
colleagues and communities – today,
and for generations to come. We are
aiming to embed these values into key
every decision-making moments across
the business, from big strategic decisions
to smaller everyday choices.
People-first
We listen and care for people
as individuals.
Bold
We innovate and do things differently
to better serve our customers and
grow with purpose.
Inclusive
We learn about and embrace our
differences, and seek out diverse
perspectives.
Sustainable
We take responsibility for the impact
of our actions on nature and Britain’s
transition to net zero.
Trust
We give each other the space and support
to take things on and see them through.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 08
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 9]
Our strategic sustainability priorities Our Group strategy focuses on three priorities ‘Grow’, Group strategic Grow Focus Change priorities ‘Focus’ and ‘Change’ to help us achieve this. Our Drive revenue Strengthen Maximise the sustainability objectives support the delivery of growth and cost and capital potential of the Group strategy. diversification efficiency people, technology and data Our • Capitalising on inclusive and • Reducing emissions and • Embedding sustainability monitoring our sustainability- sustainability sustainable financing and in all that we do objectives investment opportunities related risks to manage costs and • Supporting and • Improving access to mitigate against future losses engaging our colleagues quality housing • Strengthening our balance sheet • Building an inclusive and • Increasing access to banking by supporting customers, clients diverse organisation and communities through by promoting financial inclusion challenging times and resilience • Supporting regional development and productivity
----------------------------------------
How our sustainability Transitioning our business objectives deliver value Supporting Managing the to net zero for our stakeholders Promoting Improving regional Promoting environmental Banking Group financial access to development diversity, Managing our performance Managing our ambitions, inclusion and quality and equity and impact on of our own supply chain targets and Our focus on resilience housing communities inclusion human rights operations emissions progress Scottish Widows (pages 33 to 43) (pages 44 to 50) (pages 51 to 57) (pages 58 to 79) (pages 80 to 83) (pages 95 to 100) (pages 101 to 104) (pages 105 to 159) (pages 160 to 175) Our sustainability objectives aim to create positive outcomes for Supporting our our colleagues, customers and customers communities while building a more resilient and profitable business Supporting our to deliver higher, more sustainable colleagues returns for our shareholders. Supporting our communities

[Table 2 — Page 9]
| | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | | | |

Our approach to materiality
Our approach to materiality
Talking and listening to our stakeholders Our priorities on material topics
is intrinsic to our business acting responsibly.
This engagement allows us to determine the We prioritise our material topics
important topics from an environmental and based on:
social perspective. We then analyse material
topics that have both an impact on our 2023 has been a challenging year
The strategic importance
stakeholders but are also of a strategic 01 for many of our customers, with the
of the issue to the Group
importance to us as a Group. socioeconomic impact of the cost
of living crisis from rising inflation
Annually, we review ESG-related topics raised through our
The importance of the issue
own analysis of both our external and internal environments, and interest rates, and ongoing
which includes our geography, markets in which we operate, to our stakeholders
political instability both in the UK
sector, products, services and activities, as well as through
horizon scanning and stakeholder engagement. Our internal and globally. As a Group, we will
environment includes colleagues, processes and policies,
The social, economic and continue to respond to support our
culture and management. 03
environmental impact of each
customers and our communities
topic in relation to the core
Further information on our external environment is
during this challenging period.
available on page 14 of our annual report and accounts activities, products and services
2023 . In 2023 we have noted an emerging theme from provided by the Group
a social perspective in relation to the consideration of the
use of Artificial Intelligence and personal data, which are
increasingly important topics to our stakeholders.
Double materiality ESG index
We acknowledge the growing focus of double materiality
in ESG reporting and regulations across the globe. We 2023 2022 2021
continue to review industry developments related to the MSCI Scale: AAA to CCC, AAA as a best possible score AA AA AA
identification of material ESG-related topics from a double
Sustainalytics Scale: 0–100, 0 as a best possible score 24.9 19.5 20.6
materiality perspective to ensure that we will report on both
how ESG issues impact the Group and how we impact ISS ESG Corporate rating Scale: A+ to D-; A+ as a best possible score C+ C+ C+
sustainable development in society, whilst meeting the
S&P Global CSA/DJSI Scale: Ranking of companies, 100 as a best possible score 55 52 49
information needs of our shareholders and broader
stakeholders by reporting on financially material FTSE4Good Scale: 0–5, 5 as a best possible score 4.6 4.2 4.5
sustainability matters.
EcoVadis Scale: 0–100, 100 as a best possible score 63 57 58
Our approach towards assessing ESG matters through a Workforce Disclosure Initiative Scale: Number of questions with a meaningful
double materiality lens continue to evolve. We will look to response expressed as a percentage, 100% as a best possible score 87% 82% 95%
update our ESG double materiality assessment once this work
CDP Scale: A to F, A as a best possible score A- A- Aconcludes, building on initial work for climate-related topics.

Mapping to the UN
Sustainable
Development Goals
As we become a more purpose-driven
organisation, we have an opportunity
to play our part in helping the UK to meet
the targets set by the UN Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs).
The SDGs provide a common framework for us to
identify how we can play a more active role in the
sustainable development of UK society and help
us frame how we use our operating model, scale,
resources and skillsets to respond to some of the
biggest societal challenges faced by the UK today.
When conducting our materiality review and impact
assessment of our operations, products and services
in line with the requirements of the UNEP FI Principles
for Responsible Banking, we have considered, among
other inputs, the SDGs with the highest materiality to
our business and sector, to assist us in identifying our
most material areas of societal impact.
In determining our areas of societal impact, we have
reviewed our commercial exposures, considering
both the potential for positive and negative impact
as well as risk mitigation, and considered the level of
influence that the Group may feasibly have to make
an impact, as well as those of highest impact to our
key stakeholders.
Throughout this report we have chosen to demonstrate
how our activities support the achievement of specific
SDG sub-targets through selected examples and case
studies. Our non-financial performance indicators in
the Group balanced scorecard further drive progress
against our ambitions, focus areas and the SDGs.
See page 108 of the annual report and accounts
2023 .
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 09
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 10]
ESG index |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 10]

----------------------------------------
AA
24.9
C+
4.6
87%
A-

Our material ESG topics
Our material ESG topics
Group ESG materiality assessment
Topic Materiality description Stakeholders impacted
The introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) into the banking ecosystem carries with it both
Artificial Intelligence
opportunities and challenges. While AI can process data at unprecedented speeds and scale,
it can also unintentionally perpetuate biases.
We recognise the important role that financial services in particular can play in helping to preserve
Biodiversity and nature
natural ecosystems, minimise nature-related risks, and channel capital towards protection and
restoration of nature.
As one of the UK’s largest financial services providers, we have an important role in managing the
Climate change
impact of our activities, products and services on climate change, and the risks and opportunities
to the growth of our business as a result of climate change.
We want to create a fully inclusive organisation that is representative of modern-day Britain, where
Diversity, equity and inclusion
differences are embraced and everyone can reach their potential, and we want to use our
experiences to help communities to become more inclusive.
We are focused on ensuring that all our customers, regardless of their personal circumstances,
can pursue their financial objectives and ambitions. Through our inclusive products, services
Financial inclusion
and education tools, people, communities and businesses can rely on us for their financial needs,
and resilience and feel in control and confident about their future.
We are continuously working to strengthen our management of risk, culture and governance, as well
as improving our processes to achieve good customer outcomes in a responsible way. This includes:
Governance and conduct
reducing harm to communities through economic crime; bolstering our cyber defences to keep our
customers’ money and data safe; and offering responsible products and services that meet the
needs of our customers.
As one of the UK’s largest employers, the success of the Group is dependent on our people and a
safe working environment is imperative to ensure no harm comes to our colleagues. To support the
Health and wellbeing
physical health and wellbeing of our colleagues we offer them a range of programmes and support
of colleagues services.
Through our lending and investment processes, we aim to respect and positively impact human
rights and mitigate modern slavery in our value chain through our role as a financial services
Modern slavery
provider, lender, purchaser of goods and services, employer and supporter of our communities.
and human rights
Regional inequalities are leading to economic and social consequences across many communities.
Regional inequalities
Sitting at the heart of communities, we are uniquely placed to leverage our scale to help address
these issues. We will do this by supporting the needs of these regions.
Stakeholders key
C ustomers Colleagues Suppliers Regulatory and Shareholders Communities ESG rating ESG analysts NGOs Industry bodies
and clients government agencies

Our response SDGs that our activities support for the UK
See page 26
See pages 92 to 93
See pages 85 to 175
See pages 58 to 79
See pages 33 to 43
See pages 14 to 29
See pages 75 to 77
See pages 80 to 83
See pages 51 to 57
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 10
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 11]
Group ESG materiality assessment | | | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 11]
|
----------------------------------------

How we support our stakeholders
Our purpose is
Helping Britain
Prosper.
It’s what drives us,
what makes us
different and defines
how we profitably
grow for...

We have supported our customers
through a number of sustainability
initiatives over the year.
From an environmental perspective we support
our customers through our sustainable finance
and investment propositions, including £29 billion
of sustainable finance since 2022.
We have enhanced the sustainability of our credit
card offering through producing sustainable
plastic credit cards (c.85 per cent recyclable for
Lloyds Bank Credit cards).
In addition we have supported an additional
5 million customers go paper-free through digital
communications, keeping them safe from fraud
and giving them access and storage to their key
documents via their phone or device 24/7. This takes our total number of paper-free customers
to 20.5 million for products where we offer this
capability, with a further 6.5 million receiving
some form of digital communications from us.
We have provided tablets and in-person training
to 513 local individuals in Liverpool, to support
financial capability through our pilot and we will
build on this initiative to provide 4,750 tablets,
training, and mobile internet access to digitally
excluded individuals during 2024.Through our
partnership with Citizens Advice, 4,000 customers
have received dedicated support and advice,
helping them access £2.5 million of potential
additional income.
In 2023, we supported £2.7 billion of new funding
of which £1.4 billion is sustainable or sustainabilitylinked to the social housing sector, which also
reduces tenants’ energy bills and helps to tackle
fuel poverty.
In addition, during 2023 we have been providing
targeted support for our business customers
to help them navigate challenging times, and
supported c.600,000 customers with customer
resilience resources via our support teams,
outreach by client relationship managers and
digital financial wellbeing communications.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 11
sremotsuC
As one of the UK’s largest employers,
we know the success of our business
is dependent on our colleagues and
we aim to look for ways to help them
feel more supported, in control and
confident about their future.
In 2023, we launched Inclusive Everyday, our
ongoing internal campaign to help colleagues
understand how they can be more inclusive
in their everyday behaviours, language and
leadership and support making our business
a place we all love to work.
We launched our Flexibility Works colleague
proposition to support enhanced, fair flexibility
for all colleagues, which is crucial in achieving our
purpose of Helping Britain Prosper.
We have agreed a two-year pay deal to give
colleagues greater certainty and paid an
additional cash award to support our colleagues
during these extraordinary times and over the
longer term.
We support our colleagues to make sustainable
choices including through our colleague salary
sacrifice scheme. The Group has supported loans
for 2,500 electric cars.
seugaelloC
Sitting at the heart of communities
across the UK, we play an active role
in helping them in a number of
different ways.
To help our Foundations to support charities and
organisations we donated £24.7 million in 2023
and supported over 2,400 charities through a mix
of grant-making and colleague-matched giving
for their local fundraising and volunteering.
In 2023, Lloyds Banking Group and Crisis, a
UK national charity for people experiencing
homelessness, joined forces through a new
two-year partnership to help tackle the
shortage of good-quality, affordable homes in
Great Britain. Through colleague and customer
fundraising, over £1.3 million has been raised
to support Crisis (and Simon Community in Northern Ireland) with over 300 colleagues
also volunteering their time to support Crisis
activities across the UK.
Since January 2020, the Group has been working
in partnership with the Woodland Trust to plant
10 million trees in the UK by the end of the decade
as part of our commitment to finance a greener
future and support the transition to a low
carbon economy.
seitinummoC
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

How we support our stakeholders continued
The Group has a proactive investor
stakeholder engagement programme.
We actively engage with shareholders
and other investor stakeholders
(e.g. proxy advisers and NGOs)
on a range of ESG topics, including our
climate commitments and diversity
and inclusion plans. Our focus on
inclusivity and sustainability supports
the delivery of our purpose and
strategy, and higher, more sustainable
returns to our shareholders.
sredloherahS

d
The Group recognises the importance
of using our voice to engage with
government and regulators on
sustainability matters.
We have actively engaged with government
to help encourage the right enabling policy
environment and business behaviours and
activities. For example, we have engaged with the
UK government directly to shape the UK Transition
Plan Taskforce’s (TPT) framework for nature and
Just Transition, and supporting development of
sector-specific transition plans. We have also
engaged with the WWF on the inclusion of nature
within TPT requirements.
We recognise the environmental
and social impacts of the Group’s In relation to greening the built environment, we
demand for goods and services are engaging on our policy asks including hosting
roundtable events and one-to-one meetings with
and the importance of working
MPs, peers and policy advisers to discuss and
collaboratively with our suppliers in a garner advocacy and support for our policy ideas.
way that is aligned with our purpose. See page 122 for further details.
To drive more targeted and deeper
During 2023 we launched our flagship Liverpool
engagement with our suppliers on
City Region Housing Initiative. The Initiative is
these important topics, we have being driven by the Group, Liverpool City Region
introduced various initiatives. Combined Authority, and key city housing
partners. It aims to deliver practical action
to address housing challenges.
In 2022 we launched the Lloyds Banking Group
Emerald Standard which, aligned to the Group’s
Recognising that cyber security is a material
own ambition, sets clear environmental and social
issue impacting our entire sector, the Group
expectations of our suppliers that we ask them
collaborates externally, working in conjunction
to work towards. Through 2023 we continued to
with our sector peers and government on
engage with our key suppliers to drive adoption
initiatives such as the Financial Services
of our standard.
Cyber Collaboration Centre, working with the UK
Government’s National Cyber Security Centre, and
In addition, we have worked with Unseen, a UK
the Cross-Market Operational Resilience Group.
anti-slavery charity, to deepen our understanding
of modern slavery risk within our supply chain and
enhance our colleague training.
We have also progressed our supplier diversity
activity geared towards ensuring our supply chain
aligns with our goal to further represent the society
we serve. The intent is to provide insights into
the diversity of our existing supplier base and
proactively ensure equal opportunity is provided
to diverse suppliers.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 12
sreilppuS
tnemnrevoG Over the past year, the Group has undertaken
a number of sustainability-focused investor
meetings and presentations, and participated in
a number of ESG investor conferences. The Chair
and other Board members have also engaged
with the Group’s shareholders on a range of
governance topics. We continue to disclose
on ESG topics, including progress against
our sustainability commitments and how our
sustainability initiatives support the Group on
delivering its purpose and strategy. We do this
primarily through this report as well as our 2023
annual report and accounts.
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

How we deliver through oversight, ownership
and responsible conduct builds a foundation
that allows us to deliver on our purpose of
Helping Britain Prosper.
How we
deliver

In this section
Group roles, responsibilities and remuneration 14
Conducting our business responsibly 17
Supporting our customers to ensure
good outcomes 25
Our frameworks 27
Upcoming regulation 29
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 13
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 14]
| How we deliver through oversight, ownership and responsible conduct builds a foundation that allows us to deliver on our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper. | |
----------------------------------------
| How we deliver | | e deliver Inclusive future Sustainable future Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 13
| | |

Group roles,
responsibilities
and
remuneration
Given the strategic importance of our
sustainable business ambitions and
commitment in managing the impacts
arising from climate change and broader
social issues, our governance structure
provides clear oversight and ownership
of the Group’s sustainability strategy
and management of risk.

Our Group-level sustainability
governance structure
Our Board-level Responsible Business Board level
Committee oversees the Group’s
Board (Lloyds Banking Group)13
performance as a responsible business,
sharing responsibility with the Audit
Committee and Board Risk Committee
on sustainability-related matters.
Responsible Audit Board Risk
Business Committee Committee
Committee (AC) (BRC)
(RBC)2
Executive level
Group Group Net Zero Group Risk
Executive Committee Committee
Committee (GNZC) 2,3 (GRC)3
(GEC)1
Division and function/platform level
Divisional and functional-level
climate and sustainability steering
groups or committees
1 The Chair of the Scottish Widows Board sits on the Group Board. The
Scottish Widows CEO sits on GEC and will update GEC on relevant Insurance
matters which can include papers for GEC approval.
2 The Chair of the RBC, Amanda Mackenzie, is a non-executive director on
the Board, and is a member of the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination and Governance Committee, as of 1 January 2024, the Audit
Committee, and ensures that sustainability is discussed and considered by
the Board. Amanda has extensive experience in ESG matters, including
helping launch the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.
3 GNZC and GRC provide oversight from an environmental perspective only.
Full details on how sustainability is incorporated
into our Group governance structure along with key
decision made in the year can be found within the
annual report and accounts 2023 on page 84.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 14
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Group roles, responsibilities and remuneration continued
Entity governance
Training delivered
Beyond the Group level, governance structures are in place
to support consideration of sustainability and climate risks
and opportunities at Board level across the Group’s key
legal entities.
The Group’s governance structure focuses on ensuring
independent decision making by the Ring-Fenced Bank
Boards, the structure and responsibilities for the Ring- Skills and training Other updates delivered:
Fenced Banks are outlined on page 87 in the annual report In 2023 we provided training for the Group Board, Group During the period other key updates delivered include:
and accounts 2023 . Executive Committee (GEC), the Scottish Widows Board and Insurance, Pensions and Investments Executive Committee • RBC recommended to the Board approval of our
In Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets (LBCM), regular updates on the theme of nature and biodiversity. We launched new environmental strategy update, and three additional
on climate risks are provided to its Board and Board Risk environmental sustainability training for all colleagues sector targets
Committee. Details of the governance structure within covering the transition to a low carbon economy, nature • AC update on limited assurance activities and evolving
Scottish Widows can be found on page 163. loss and greenwashing. We have also continued specialist regulatory landscape including International
training of our frontline Commercial banking, credit risk, Sustainability Standards Board
Further details on respective governance for the Group’s and sourcing and supplier manager colleagues, with this • Climate data requirements were discussed at a joint
other entities can be found in their respective disclosures. training continuing in 2024. Audit and Risk Committee forum
The Group Board in addition to the above training received Divisional governance
training related to the following sustainability topics:
Group-level governance of sustainability and climate risk
is supported by existing governance structures across
• Culture, conduct and the statutory duty of responsibility
our divisions that are used to oversee decisions related
for non-executive directors
to sustainability and climate risk that impact the divisions,
Governance • Market abuse
ensuring sustainability and climate risk are managed as
• Consumer duty
part of regular activity. Divisional governance structures
structures are in • Data ethics
include the Consumer Lending Executive Committee,
• The Group’s tax strategy
Commercial banking Committee and Insurance Pensions
place to support and Investments Responsible Business Executive Committee
within Scottish Widows. Our Group Sustainable Business
consideration of team is supported by divisional sustainability teams,
ensuring a coordinated approach to oversight, delivery Training provided
sustainability and and reporting of the Group’s sustainability strategy.
at a Board and
climate risk across
executive
the Group’s key
committee level on
legal entities.
the theme of nature
and biodiversity.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 15
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Group roles, responsibilities and remuneration continued
Group roles and responsibilities and remuneration
Three lines of defence1 Remuneration and balanced scorecard
Our annual balanced scorecard provides transparency
The Group’s structure provides clear oversight and ownership of our sustainability strategy and management of climate
on how our performance aligns with 2023 GPS and LTIP
risk across the three lines of defence, with dedicated teams in place focused on these areas.
awards. In 2023 the weighting related to ESG performance
measures in the Group balanced scorecard was 17.5 per
Teams
cent, continuing our focus on climate change ambitions
The Group Sustainable Business team is responsible for overseeing the Group’s strategic and our ongoing commitment to improving diversity at
approach to responding to global and local issues on environmental and social sustainability. the Group. The ESG measures included within our annual
1st line scorecard are as follows:
At a divisional and/or sector level there are sustainability teams supporting the delivery of our
strategy. They are responsible for developing the Group’s strategic response to climate risk, • Increasing our gender and ethnic representation
including setting the business strategy, ambitions and development of sustainable product- in senior roles (7.5 per cent)
level offerings to support the Group’s sustainability strategy. • Reducing our operational carbon emissions (5 per cent)
• Sustainable financing and investment (5 per cent)
This includes calculating and forecasting emissions, as well as sector-level target setting
and transition plans to support the Group’s environmental commitments and targets. Progress against our targets is set out on pages 32 and 35
to 36 of the annual report and accounts 2023 .
Group Finance is responsible for incorporating climate into the Group’s planning and external
reporting. For 2024, we are returning to a performance based Longterm Incentive Plan (LTIP) which will deliver stronger
alignment with our strategic objectives by supporting
Risk is responsible for overseeing the risks relating to ESG topics. This includes formal a more demanding performance culture and providing
responsibilities in relation to oversight of the risks arising from climate change to support meeting the opportunity to directly link long-term variable reward
2nd line regulatory expectations. outcomes to the delivery of our strategy and the realisation
of its benefits for shareholders. The new LTIP will weight
Teams across Risk are responsible for oversight of the Group’s strategy for environmental and 15 per cent to environmental measures, reflecting that
social sustainability, as well as incorporating consideration of ESG-related topics into the the transition to a low carbon economy is at the core of
appropriate risk management processes. Activity in relation to climate risk is most advanced, our strategy and aligns with our purpose to Helping Britain
including development of methodologies to quantify climate risk, oversight of net zero strategies Prosper. Sustainable financing and investment will form
and setting the Group’s climate risk appetite. part of the LTIP in 2024 and therefore has been removed
from our 2024 balanced scorecard. Full details on the LTIP
Group Audit has an established team focussing on ESG risks. This team, supported by other can be found on page 124 of the annual report and
subject matter experts, provides independent assurance to the Audit Committee and the accounts 2023 .
3rd line
Board. Group Audit also attends key sustainability and climate risk governance committees
and forums.
1 The three lines of defence responsibilities may operate differently across the Group’s legal entities.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 16
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 17]
Three lines of defence1
----------------------------------------
The Group’s structure provides clear oversight and ownership of our sustainability strategy and management of climate risk across the three lines of defence, with dedicated teams in place focused on these areas. Teams The Group Sustainable Business team is responsible for overseeing the Group’s strategic approach to responding to global and local issues on environmental and social sustainability. 1st line At a divisional and/or sector level there are sustainability teams supporting the delivery of our strategy. They are responsible for developing the Group’s strategic response to climate risk, including setting the business strategy, ambitions and development of sustainable product- level offerings to support the Group’s sustainability strategy. This includes calculating and forecasting emissions, as well as sector-level target setting and transition plans to support the Group’s environmental commitments and targets. Group Finance is responsible for incorporating climate into the Group’s planning and external reporting. Risk is responsible for overseeing the risks relating to ESG topics. This includes formal responsibilities in relation to oversight of the risks arising from climate change to support meeting 2nd line regulatory expectations. Teams across Risk are responsible for oversight of the Group’s strategy for environmental and social sustainability, as well as incorporating consideration of ESG-related topics into the appropriate risk management processes. Activity in relation to climate risk is most advanced, including development of methodologies to quantify climate risk, oversight of net zero strategies and setting the Group’s climate risk appetite. Group Audit has an established team focussing on ESG risks. This team, supported by other subject matter experts, provides independent assurance to the Audit Committee and the 3rd line Board. Group Audit also attends key sustainability and climate risk governance committees and forums.

Conducting
our business
responsibly
We believe that conducting our business
responsibly means: operating ethically,
sustainably and inclusively; meeting our
legal requirements; and always considering
our impact on our customers, colleagues,
society and the environment.

Product development
Our Group customer and product policies set Taking this approach enables the Group to grow with
out how important it is to ensure that we are purpose by continuously improving outcomes for our
customers. We conduct regular monitoring to assess whether
delivering good customer outcomes.
or not we meet our high customer service standards and
colleagues’ remuneration is linked to outcomes.
• Everyone in the Group must focus on the outcomes
we want to deliver for customers and to ensure that
Upholding competition law
evidence and monitoring is in place to assess whether
we have provided good outcomes, avoided foreseeable We believe that consumers benefit from healthy
harms and supported customers in pursuing their competition between providers of financial services and
financial objectives. we compete vigorously and fairly, striving to offer excellent
• We must act in good faith towards customers which service and competitive products which meet our
is characterised by honesty, fair and open dealing, and customers’ needs and provide good outcomes.
acting consistently with the reasonable expectations
of customers. The Group tolerates no anti-competitive practices that
• We must ensure that our products offer fair value could lead to: interventions by competition authorities;
to customers. or breaches of competition law, which may harm customers
or have a significant financial or reputational impact on the
Group. The Group does not become involved in agreements
or practices that are unlawful, such as colluding with our
competitors to restrict competition or unlawfully fixing
prices. We recognise that we must deal in good faith
with all our trading partners, including our suppliers
and competitors. We recognise that competition law
is not intended to stifle legitimate business.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 17
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Conducting our business responsibly continued
Avoiding market abuse We conduct regular
We implement and monitor adherence with market abuse
and personal account dealing procedures that are aligned monitoring to assess
with the UK’s market abuse legislation. Market abuse, such
as trading based on inside information, is a criminal offence
whether or not we meet
in the UK, the US and many other countries. Colleagues
are personally responsible for ensuring that they comply
our high customer
with this policy and do not abuse the market. We have
monitoring systems in place to detect instances of market
service standards.
abuse and procedures to ensure that any detected
instances are dealt with swiftly and effectively. This includes
procedures to identify and report suspicious transactions
where relevant.
Product governance
A comprehensive Group product policy, procedures
and framework is in place to define the guardrails for the
business to meet the regulatory requirements and how
we want to operate as a Group. The policy outlines core
concepts which are considered throughout the product
lifecycle including identifying the need the product is
required to meet for customers in the target market,
and having controls in place to prevent the product from
being offered to customers for whom the product is not
appropriate. Colleagues are also supported to use their
judgement to apply the policy requirements in a way
which is proportionate and appropriate to the product and
customer needs and the foreseeable harms. Through robust
risk management, regular product reviews and monitoring,
we adopt a continuous process to ensure that our products
provide good customer outcomes.
Development and continued oversight of the
implementation of the customer vulnerability strategy
remains through operating at a senior level to prioritise
change, drive implementation and ensure consistency
across the Group. More on approach to supporting
customers is available on pages 34 to 38.

We expect suppliers to meet or exceed the provisions of our
Suppliers
Code of Supplier Responsibility (the Code), which we share
through the supplier contract in our business sourcing process.
The Code is reviewed at least annually and updated to
ensure its ongoing appropriateness, relevance and
applicability for our suppliers.
Code of Supplier Responsibility Responsible and sustainable sourcing
To meet our objective to be more purpose-driven, it is We are committed to working collaboratively with our
crucial that we act in a sustainable and inclusive manner, suppliers on developing our approach to responsible and
and this includes the way in which we source goods and sustainable sourcing; this is integral to the way we do
services from our suppliers. Our Code of Supplier business. Colleagues engaged in sourcing follow a defined
Responsibility sets out the key sustainable and inclusive business sourcing process as required by our internal
business practices and behaviour that we want our sourcing and supply chain management policy and related
suppliers to abide by. These are grouped into five key areas: procedures. The business sourcing process is a seven-step
process that facilitates the identification, assessment and
• Human rights mitigation of applicable risks as we select and contract • Diversity, equity and inclusion with suppliers.
• Accessibility and usability
• Conducting your business responsibly
• Environmental sustainability
We are committed
to working
collaboratively
with our suppliers
on developing
our approach to
responsible and
sustainable sourcing.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 18
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Conducting our business responsibly continued
There is also a defined supply chain management framework ESG risk assessment
Economic crime
including associated tools and learning for accountable We are using EcoVadis’ predictive sustainability analysis to
persons and supplier managers, which enables the ongoing help further understand our ESG risk across our core supplier
risk-based management of the supplier relationship in line base. This covers the key themes of environment, labour and
with the Group’s risk appetite. Where third-party relationships human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement. In 2023,
exist that fall outside the scope of our sourcing and supplier this analysis has helped to identify a sub-set of suppliers for
management policy, business units accountable for these a deeper dive risk assessment specific to modern slavery,
relationships are required to ensure adherence to the Group’s and we have engaged Unseen (a UK anti-slavery charity)
policy framework, including the Code of Supplier Responsibility, in this activity. Economic crime devastates lives, causing Prevention and detection are a key defence against
where applicable. deep distress and harm to victims and economic crime. At Lloyds Banking Group, we have
processes, technologies and systems that help us
We will continue to assess our risk-based approach communities. The economic climate and
understand who our customers, suppliers and third parties
Supplier due diligence to supplier engagement, colleague training and more
changing spending habits provide a complex are. We undertake checks to understand sources of funds
In assessing and managing risk, it is important that we generally raise awareness of ESG risk in our supply chain.
have the right framework to operate responsibly and safely. mix of uncertainty for customers and to reduce the risk that illicit proceeds can enter the financial
system. We monitor payments and transactions, so we
Before selecting any supplier, we follow a due diligence attractive opportunities for criminals
protect customers, society and the Group. And when
process which evaluates them against key criteria across to exploit as the ‘hook’ for their scams. needed, we stop payments, close accounts and end
all the key risk domains.
relationships to meet our legal and regulatory requirements.
As a Group, we are committed to complying with our legal
Managed suppliers and FSQS and regulatory responsibilities in relation to economic crime
Policy framework
Lloyds Banking Group subscribes to the FSQS (Financial prevention and have no appetite for non-compliance. In line
The Group has a dedicated economic crime prevention Services Qualification System), a third-party managed with legislative and regulatory requirements, the Group
(ECP) function, which is part of the Risk Division. The ECP
supplier qualification system for the financial sector that adopts a risk-based approach to managing economic
function facilitates risk-based, effective and efficient
is currently used by c.60 financial institutions. This ensures crime risk. This flexibility allows the Group and its businesses
economic crime risk management by providing expert
we adopt a standardised approach to risk, compliance to focus our control framework on those customers,
support and oversight across our businesses.
and assurance, which forms an integral part of our sourcing products, channels and jurisdictions that carry a higher
and supply chain management activity for new and risk of economic crime.
We have adopted a holistic approach to economic crime
existing suppliers.
prevention and have a single ECP policy and associated
procedures which are reflective of prevailing legal and We take a risk-based approach and contractually require
regulatory requirements, industry guidance, and the
our managed suppliers to self-attest their compliance
Group’s risk appetite. The ECP policy sets out the minimum
to the Group’s policy expectations on an annual basis.
requirements to which all Group businesses must comply
When completing FSQS we require our suppliers to confirm
across five key risk areas: anti-bribery and corruption (ABC);
they have read, understood and complied with the Code
anti-money laundering and counterterrorist financing (AML);
of Supplier Responsibility and provide us with evidence
fraud; sanctions; and tax evasion. This holistic approach
to demonstrate their approach in the design, deployment
provides a consistent, proportionate and effective
and control of their policies and procedures.
approach to managing economic crime risk.
Supplier assurance The Group continues to invest in and enhance our economic
The Group sourcing supplier assurance team conducts an crime prevention policies, processes and systems to help
annual programme of supplier assurance reviews. These combat this continuously evolving threat.
reviews target suppliers which represent the highest risk
exposure to the Group primarily driven by the resilience,
cyber, data privacy and conduct risks they represent based
on the services they provide. Suppliers that trigger agreed
risk criteria are selected for a supplier assurance review
conducted by subject matter experts through a
combination of onsite and remote assessment to test
adherence to relevant Group policies. Where appropriate,
testing is completed on our Code of Supplier Responsibility.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 19
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Conducting our business responsibly continued
Anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) We are a member of Transparency International (TI) UK’s In addition, there are two advanced level courses (sanctions Economic crime training:
Lloyds Banking Group is subject to the provisions of the UK Business Integrity Forum – a network of major international and anti-bribery) which meet the needs of colleagues • Creation of a new CoLP online learning platform, offering
Bribery Act 2010 and the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act companies committed to high anti-corruption and ethical whose roles require further specialist training. Colleagues new advanced fraud and cyber education courses to
1977, which have extra-territorial effect globally, as well standards in business practices. TI has a Corporate undertake the training, dependent upon the nature of the give mainstream police greater opportunity for fraud
as applicable local anti-bribery and corruption laws. Anti-Corruption Benchmark, which measures and compares business, type of role, jurisdiction in which they operate investigation training, and to keep abreast of new and
the performance of corporate ABC programmes in the UK and the propensity for which their products can be used emerging fraud techniques.
The ECP policy requires that all colleagues act with integrity using TI’s extensive anti-corruption expertise and the input to facilitate economic crime. • Development of Fraud and Cyber courses which have
and fairness, and to conduct appropriate due diligence of experienced specialist practitioners. In September 2023, been rolled out to over 7,000 participants across the
when pursuing business opportunities and when awarding the Group received an ‘A’ rating for its ABC control In 2023, 99 per cent of colleagues across the Bank completed police and counter fraud community, helping to enhance
business. Our policy prohibits the offering, giving, promising framework from TI. their annual refresher economic crime prevention training, knowledge and develop relevant skills to enable police
or receiving of monetary or other inducements, or any other compared to 98 per cent in 2022. Completion rates for new officers to better detect and respond to Economic Crime.
inappropriate practice which might be perceived to Training and awareness starters and returners within eight weeks of joining is above
improperly influence a person’s conduct in their The Group has a comprehensive economic crime 97 per cent. Controls are in place to manage those Knowledge enhancement and sharing:
professional or public duty. prevention training programme which includes mandatory colleagues who do not complete their training on time. • Supporting CoLP to build new relationships with other
general awareness training delivered via Workday, the private sectors and as a result CoLP are now an integral
The Group’s Code of Ethics and Responsibility is a reference Group’s learning management system. All colleagues Working with partners and law enforcement part of a joint programme with Cifas, the UK’s fraud
point for every colleague and underpins our purpose, are required to undertake core level economic crime We recognise that we cannot tackle and reduce economic prevention community, in training Fraud Protect Officers
bringing together all the different elements that define how prevention training: crime in isolation. We work collectively with industry bodies, and the Fraud Foundation, recently winning a Tackling
we work and ensuring that we do business responsibly. law enforcement, regulators and governments. These Economic Crime Award (TECA) for their achievements.
• An induction level module designed for new colleagues partnerships are crucial to our ambition to reduce financial • Joint CoLP and Lloyds Banking Group workshops have
The Code explains how we can work responsibly, living up and those returning from long-term absence. The crime and to help Britain prosper. The Group is an active been successful, sharing best practice, cross-sector
to our values and doing the right thing when we have to learning is split into four sections followed by a series of participant in public and private sector initiatives to tackle knowledge and enhanced capabilities across both
make decisions, and it applies to all Lloyds Banking Group mandatory assessment questions which the colleague economic crime. organisations. This has led to targeted dissemination
colleagues, contractors and agency employees, whether must answer correctly before they can progress to the of intelligence packages resulting in successful law
or not they are working with customers directly. next section City of London Police enforcement detection and outcomes.
• An annual core refresher module for all existing In 2018, the Group formed a partnership with the City of
colleagues, designed to test a colleague’s knowledge London Police (CoLP) to fight economic crime across the UK,
The Group is committed and understanding of the key risk areas. The learning committing £1.5 million to support the delivery of several
comprises four video scenarios followed by a joint initiatives, over a three-year period.
compulsory assessment. Colleagues must answer
to fighting economic
all questions correctly to pass the module Due to its success, the Group extended the partnership for
a fourth year and in September 2022, a new memorandum
crime, maintaining its
In 2024 the core annual refresher will be updated, moving of understanding was signed for joint commitment to an
from a single 60-minute course to four courses, spread ongoing collaborative partnership. Our funding has enabled
focus on protecting the across the year. The update is needed to reflect several the expansion of the CoLP’s intelligence development
regulatory developments which need to be reflected. capability, which is helping support tangible coordination
bank and minimising Notably: the requirement to undertake proliferation across national, regional and local policing to address
financing risk assessments and the introduction of a strict high harm fraud.
customer impact, liability sanctions regime. Using real-life customer and
colleague scenarios, the learning solutions retain both the The partnership continues to support key initiatives:
Helping Britain theoretical and practical application of economic crime Economic Crime Training, Knowledge Enhancement and
concepts. Training provides colleagues with the knowledge Sharing and Community Engagement/Social Responsibility.
Prosper, whilst reducing they need to protect our customers, the Group and the
economy from the harm caused by criminals and terrorists.
the harm to communities
caused by criminals
and terrorists.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 20
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Conducting our business responsibly
continued
The Group believes it is
really important young
people understand more
about the consequences
of being caught moving
fraudulent funds.
Tempting offers that
sound too good to be
true probably are, so
it is important to think
about the consequences.

Our purpose in action
Community engagement
and social responsibility
SDG 16.4: By 2030,
significantly reduce
illicit financial and
arms flows,
strengthen the
Crooks on campus Mule recruitment continues to be Additional funding, secured from recovery and return
The Group and CoLP, in collaboration a challenge as criminals seek to Project Olaf (see below), will enable of stolen assets and
with Lancaster University, have convince account holders there will the rollout of Crooks on Campus combat all forms of
partnered with We Fight Fraud to be no consequences for taking part to universities across the UK. organised crime.
roll out Crooks on Campus a fraud in this type of activity and coach SDG 17.7: Encourage
education programme to university them on how to respond if Students can protect themselves by: and promote
students. Crooks on Campus is challenged by a bank. effective public,
designed to help educate and prevent • Not responding to job adverts, or public-private and
civil society
them becoming a money mule. After Crooks on Campus is a powerful social media posts that promise partnerships,
a trial at Lancaster University, a pilot criminal drama that brings to life the large amounts of money for very building on the
across six universities in London reality of organised financial crime little work. experience and
began in October 2022 comprising and the consequences for students • Researching a potential employer, resourcing strategies
of webinars, face to face seminars if they become a money mule. particularly one based overseas, of partnerships.
and training programmes. The film accurately depicts the role before handing over personal
a money mule plays in helping or financial details to them.
criminals ‘clean’ money they have • Not allowing an employer, or
A growing number of students are
obtained through fraudulent activity. someone they do not know and
being targeted by criminal gangs to
The film is based on real-life stories trust, to use their bank account
launder money through their student
of victims and criminals gathered to transfer money.
bank accounts. Research conducted
from We Fight Fraud’s intelligence- • Reporting any suspicions of
by Dr Nicola Harding at Lancaster
gathering activities. money muling to CrimeStoppers
University in 2022 shows that 3 in 5
on 0800 555 111, or the police.
students have been approached in
Originally piloted with the National
person or online to become a money
Crime Agency, the film produced
mule. Even more worrying is that 52 significant awareness and
per cent did not know what a money
behavioural change, with 90 per cent
mule was and 47 per cent thought it
of students from the pilot population
was acceptable to let someone use
rejecting subsequent money mule
their bank account to transfer money.
recruitment messages.
In 2022, money mule behaviour
It is hoped this project, which also
accounted for 68 per cent of misuse
incorporates training for university
of bank accounts according to the
staff and student representatives,
Cifas, Fraudscape 2023 report. The
will help stop students from allowing
key age range for mule activity
criminals to use their bank accounts
continues to be 21-25 years, with
– making it increasingly harder for
social media remaining a key enabler
criminals to place their illicit funds
in the recruitment of mules.
in the financial system.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 21
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 22]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 22]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 22]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 22]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 22]
|
----------------------------------------

Conducting our business responsibly
continued

Our purpose in action
Cyber Detectives
Project Olaf North East Business Illegal wildlife trade
• Recognising the increasing threat of • Through building a strong working Resilience Centre • The illegal wildlife trade (IWT)
economic crime to our young
relationship with CoLP, together • The Group is a member of the is the prohibited collection,
children the Group and CoLP
we launched the first banking North East Business Resilience transportation and sale of flora
co-designed and delivered the
industry’s pilot scheme called Centre (NEBRC), a not-for-profit or fauna (living or dead). IWT
‘Cyber Detectives’. An education
‘Project Olaf,’ using proceeds organisation bringing together is valued between £40-120 billion
programme targeting primary school
of crime to fund fraud-fighting experts across the cyber and per year and is one of the five
children which now forms part of the
and victim support programmes. fraud communities to improve most lucrative global crimes, PSHE (Personal Social Health and
The ‘frozen’ money captured from cyber safety and reduce which benefit organised
Economics) element of the national
fraudsters by a Group’s specialist cybercrime by promoting criminal gangs.
curriculum in England. Latest figures mule-hunting team has been awareness and delivering training • Since 2019 Lloyds Banking Group
show more than 3,500 schools, circa
invested in projects to tackle fraud, to small businesses and the local has been a member of the United
150,000 young children in England are
as well as increasing education community. The Group has also for Wildlife Financial (UFW) Task
now using the learning.
• ‘Cyber Detectives’ will help equip and awareness in organisations promoted online and in-person Force, part of the Royal Foundation
such as Age UK. events to educate our customers led by the Prince and Princess of
pupils with the skills they need to stay
• and promote the services of Wales to tackle the illegal wildlife
safe online, protect their personal
information, report concerns and Stop Scams UK NEBRC. trade (IWT) and protect
endangered species. So far, UFW
access help. The lessons will help • The Group is an active supporter
collective efforts have led to 250
pupils: of Stop Scams UK. Working in
arrests, 450 law enforcement
– Explain what online fraud is and partnership with other banks, cases and trained over 100,000
identify and analyse examples telecoms and technology
employees across member
of scams companies, the telephone hotline
institutions to raise awareness
– Describe the importance of number – 159 – has been rolled
about the illegal wildlife trade.
protecting personal information out across the UK with excellent • The Group’s internal UFW Working
and data online results. This number connects
Group has actively engaged in
– Explain why age restrictions for customers directly and securely
several projects, which include
online gaming can help to keep with their bank if they fear they
enhancing public-private IWT
us safe and prevent fraud are a victim of a scam or to check intelligence sharing; promoting
– Recognise ways to stay safe online the authenticity of a caller.
education and awareness of IWT
and report concerns about
across the Group; using
online fraud
transactional analysis of known
• The resource pack also contains
IWT cases to build typologies and
teacher guidance to help ensure
identify red flags; and supporting
effective lesson delivery, as well
Project Seeker, which uses Artificial
as information and guidance for
Intelligence scanning technology,
parents, so they can stay informed
to increase detection of IWT
how online fraud could affect
products trafficked through
their child.
international airports.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 22
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Conducting our business responsibly continued
Incident management and intel-led security testing
Cyber security and data privacy Our approach
frameworks
The Group maintains strong and practised incident
management frameworks, demonstrated during the
to tax
COVID-19 pandemic. We have continued exercising our
incident management frameworks and teams right up
to Board level, focusing on cyber security scenarios and
threats, and participating in the Bank of England sector
Cyber security and resilience Cyber benchmarking SIMEX exercise. The Group carries out active security testing Tax is one of the ways in which businesses
Customers trust us to keep their money and data safe, and The Group undertake an annual cyber benchmarking of internal and external systems, utilising the expertise contribute to the societies in which they
the Group deploys sophisticated technology to protect both. exercise, in conjunction with an independent consultancy, of in-house advanced security testing capability and operate, and we are proud to be among the
The Group works continuously to bolster defences against to understand the relative maturity of our cyber capabilities, external CREST accredited security experts.
cyber-attacks through adopting a threat-led approach as aligned to the NIST framework. This allows us to measure UK’s highest payers of corporate taxes for
and enhancing our preventative, detective and responsive ongoing improvements in our capability maturity and align Collaboration several years.
controls. We also recognise the importance of secure ourselves with peer organisations in the financial services Recognising that cyber security is a material issue
behaviours and continue to educate our customers industry. impacting our entire sector, the Group collaborates In 2023, we paid £2.6 billion of cash taxes. This was primarily
and colleagues on cyber threats. externally, working in conjunction with our sector peers on business profits, VAT on goods and services needed to
The result of the 2023 review were favourable with the and government on initiatives such as the Financial run our business, bank levy and employer social security on
Governance Group’s cyber capabilities praised as mature and well- Services Cyber Collaboration Centre, working with the UK staff wages and salaries. In addition, we collected £1.8 billion
Cyber security maintains a high level of focus right up to established. Our highly-skilled cyber security colleagues Government’s National Cyber Security Centre and the of cash taxes primarily from payroll taxes and customer
Board level, with regular updates to the Board and Group and their drive to innovate were highlighted as a particular Cross-Market Operational Resilience Group. We work product taxes.
Risk Committees, along with a dedicated quarterly Board strength for the organisation, along with highly mature closely with other banks, recognising the importance of
sub-risk forum focused on cyber security, IT resilience and capabilities in areas such as colleague education and collaboration when it comes to security, including being Appropriate, prudent and transparent tax behaviour is a
operational resilience. Cyber and data security forms a part incident detection/response functions. The key areas for part of the Cyber Defence Alliance. key component of being a responsible business. We comply
of the Group’s wider operational resilience framework, which improvement highlighted in the report align with our Group with the HMRC code of practice on taxation for banks. We do
continues to enhance the Group’s resilience to ‘maintain the security strategy focus areas, confirming that it is Data privacy not interpret tax laws in a way that we believe is contrary
expected through the unexpected’. An ongoing focus area addressing the correct areas of development and to the intention of Parliament, and we do not promote tax
The Group values the trust our customers and colleagues
of the Group is to continue to embed a culture of resilience investment. avoidance products to our customers.
place in us, therefore we process their personal data in
and security across the Group and its key third parties.
a lawful, fair and transparent manner to enable the
Colleague training and awareness Further information on the Group’s approach to tax
delivery of good outcomes and to protect our customers
Compliance and controls All Group colleagues and contractors must complete an and colleagues from foreseeable harm. The Group can be found in our tax strategy and approach
The Group utilises a range of identified best practice annual mandatory four-part security training programme, to tax report 2023 .
demonstrates accountability to data subjects and
guidance as inputs to our Security Policy Frameworks which highlights the key threats and risks that colleagues
regulatory expectations through policy, process, risks
including the NIST cyber security framework, ISO 27000 and face and how to reduce and avoid them. We also publish
and controls, this includes ensuring.
PCI DSS. In addition, we undertake legal, regulatory and best regular articles and news on our SharePoint and Viva
practice horizon scanning to proactively identify updates Exchange channels and a monthly newsletter, alongside • Personal data is limited to what is necessary, processed
to the framework or opportunities to respond to regulation, regular webinars, presentations and events. The education
lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner
alongside our annual policy refresh cycle. and awareness team also create bespoke learning • Personal data is collected for an explicit, legitimate,
campaigns which correlate with ongoing real-world events
adequate, and necessary purpose and not further
In 2023, external validation of the Group’s security controls – the FIFA World Cup, for example, as well as international processed in a non-compatible manner
in the form of a SOC2 report was achieved for the period holidays and events like Valentine’s Day, Easter, Christmas • The risk posed to our data subjects is assessed,
1 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 covering our client-facing etc. – to obtain further colleague engagement in security
monitored and escalated when necessary
businesses in Commercial, Lex Autolease, Lloyds Bank education. Our phishing simulation programme allows • Data subjects’ rights are upheld and respected
Capital Markets, Insurance and Pensions. This was the colleagues to spot phishing emails and receive training • Personal data is processed with appropriate protection
second SOC2 report to be obtained by the Group and as necessary, while certain colleagues in the Group, due
against unauthorised or unlawful processing, and
provides an independent assessment of the design and to their role or risk profile, must complete further
against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using
operational effectiveness of the Group’s security controls. mandated training.
appropriate measures
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 23
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Conducting our business responsibly continued
year showed that 95 per cent of colleagues believed their
Whistleblowing and colleague conduct
concern would be taken seriously and treated sensitively
through Speak Up.
In 2023 we delivered a comprehensive communication plan
to promote colleague awareness and confidence in Speak
Up. We have also worked closely with our Speak Up
Champions and Speak Up Officer network to deliver tailored
Whistleblowing – helping colleagues to The Speak Up arrangements provide a safe and confidential disciplinary action. Our Speak Up procedures also includes communications to business areas, colleague networks
Speak Up environment for reporters to raise concerns of wrongdoing pro-actively contacting reporters, throughout and following and line managers. We have worked with colleagues
Lloyds Banking Group promotes a culture where people feel or inappropriate behaviour, but there are also several other an investigation, and acting on any concerns of retaliation. to build advocacy and promote awareness, trust and
safe, supported, included and empowered. Our values lie at complementary routes to report concerns including: confidence and paid particular attention to any groups
the very heart of that culture, and we rely on our colleagues Speak Up Champions and Speak Up Officers of colleagues, who may be less inclined to Speak Up.
• Raising concerns with a line manager or people Three non-executive directors (NEDs) support the Group
to be bold and challenge anything that doesn’t feel right
by speaking up when they see or become aware of representative, where it may be possible to resolve as Whistleblowing Champions for our legal entities: Group; Our case triage process prioritises reports by differentiating
misconduct. concerns quickly and effectively Insurance, Pensions and Investments; Lloyds Bank Corporate between the more serious allegations of wrongdoing,
• Using ‘Let’s Talk’, a programme that provides colleagues Markets. They are individually responsible for oversight and any other important matters. Where investigation is
Speak Up is the Group’s whistleblowing programme. It is with support on personal employment issues and helps of Speak Up arrangements in their respective legal entities necessary, it is carried out by highly-trained and empathetic available to all colleagues across the Group, including resolve most personal employment issues informally and ensure that the confidential reporting system remains investigators and a report produced for business leaders,
suppliers, contractors and third parties. Speak Up helps a reliable and independent channel for colleagues to report disciplinary hearings or the Group’s Conduct Investigations
colleagues who feel unable or are unwilling to report their Speak Up Policy suspected wrongdoing. The whistleblowing champions are Committee (GCIC) for non-disciplinary cases. Our highest
concerns to a manager directly. Concerns are raised via The Group’s Speak Up Policy was refreshed this year to also responsible for ensuring that colleagues are protected priority investigations are reviewed by a hearing manager
an independent third party, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, include the recent changes reflected in the EU Whistleblower from any form of victimisation, should they report a concern. or the Chair and members of GCIC, comprising experienced
either confidentially or anonymously and in a variety of Directive (2019/1937). The Group whistleblowing champion presents an annual senior executives.
whistleblowing report to the Group Board on the
ways. Reporters are protected from any form of retaliation
after raising a concern. Our Speak Up Policy is clear that the Group will not tolerate effectiveness of our Speak up arrangements. Each business We also recognise the importance of sharing lessons from
any form of retaliation against reporters, and our area also has its own Speak Up Officer, who supports Speak investigations, to help prevent their reoccurrence. Themes
procedures designed to protect colleagues after raising Up activity in their area and shares themes and insights and lessons from recent investigations have been shared
a concern. Anyone who does so may be subject to arising from recent cases. with a broad range of senior leaders across the Group,
Our whistleblowing and a forum has been established to facilitate further
Group Audit Committees organisational learning.
arrangements were All the Group’s Audit Committees receive regular updates
on the effectiveness of these arrangements, in line with 2023 Performance
independently their terms of reference. Updates include commentary In 2023, 511 concerns were reported via Speak Up and
on the continued independence, integrity and effectiveness 61 led to the need for a formal conduct investigation. The
benchmarked by of Speak Up policy and procedures. The committees are remainder were managed via other established processes,
also briefed on the volume and types of cases received, including 21 per cent passed to line management and
Protect in 2023 and outcomes of investigations and any emerging trends 13 per cent referred to one of our people processes.
and process improvements.
55 per cent of the investigations closed in 2023 were received a score
Improving our processes substantiated and resulted in remedial action. This included
Lloyds Banking Group is delighted to be a constituent of 14 colleagues dismissed from the Group in 2023 following
of 99%.
Protect, the UK’s Whistleblowing Charity, and is committed disciplinary as the outcome of a whistleblowing report.
to continuously improving and maintaining its speak
up culture.
All colleagues, contractors and third parties receive annual
training on the Speak Up programme and have access to
a dedicated website with details of our services. An optional
survey conducted following Group-wide annual training this
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 24
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our
customers to
ensure good
outcomes
Lloyds Banking Group is committed to
delivering good outcomes for our customers
and, as we continue to move towards
becoming a truly purpose-driven business,
this remains at the heart of our strategy.

Consumer duty
The FCA’s new Consumer Duty Regulations, As an organisation, we are already focused on the delivery
of good outcomes for our customers – the Consumer Duty
which came into force in July 2023, sets
is the next step in the evolution of how we do this and will
higher and clearer standards of consumer
drive broader cultural change. There will be greater focus
protection across financial services, on the outcomes customers receive – whether products
requiring firms to put their customers’ and services meet customer needs and offer fair value,
if customers understand the information with which they
needs first.
are being provided and if customers are given the support
required to meet their financial objectives.
The Responsible Business Committee (RBC), under
delegated authority from the Board, provides oversight
of the implementation and ongoing consideration of
Consumer Duty, with the Board Risk Committee overseeing
related risks. The Board (via RBC) have been engaged on
the Group’s implementation of Consumer Duty, including
agreeing with the steps the Group has taken to meet
the requirements of the Duty in line with the July 2023
deadline, a similar approach will be taken to the July 2024
requirements. In addition, the Group are working closely
with the Financial Conduct Authority to ensure they are fully
apprised of our progress in embedding the Consumer Duty.
The Group has appointed two Consumer Duty Champions
who will help ensure Consumer Duty is considered in senior
leadership strategic discussions. Amanda Mackenzie, as
Chair of the Responsible Business Committee, is the Group
Consumer Duty Champion, with John Reizenstein, who is a
non-executive director on the Scottish Widows Board (and
Chair of its Risk Oversight Committee), fulfilling a similar role
within the Insurance, Pensions and Investments business.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 25
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our customers to ensure good outcomes continued
Customer complaints
The business continues to focus on initiatives These have increased by 71 per cent from 2022 (4.3 per cent
of all complaints compared to 3.3 per cent at the start of
that will improve servicing accuracy and
2023). Multiple increases in interest rates are driving higher
speed alongside customer journey
demand for mortgage product transfers and pushing
digitisation across the servicing and an increasing number of customers into financial difficulty,
complaint handling journeys. in addition to existing customers in arrears worsening their
position. Group complaints per thousand saving and PCA
accounts has improved year-on-year due to associated
Preventing complaints
journey improvement actions informed by strong root
The Group have a well-established robust framework to
cause analysis.
continually address the root cause of complaints, taking
action to mitigate the drivers, improving our customers
The business continues to focus on initiatives that will
experience. In 2023, 147 new improvement initiatives
improve servicing accuracy and speed alongside customer
specifically targeting complaint drivers mitigated around
journey digitisation.
17,000 customers having cause to complain. Additionally,
improvements to our service stability have reduced ‘wait
time’ complaints by 41 per cent year-on-year. Responding to complaints
As a minimum standard we aim to meet the FCA’s Dispute
These improvements have allowed us to manage an Resolution: Complaints Sourcebook rules and respond
increase in business growth and increasing demand driven to non-payment complaints in eight weeks and payment
by the external economic environment. Cost of living impacts complaints in 15 days; however, we continue to focus
are being seen more commonly in root cause analysis, in on improvements to the journey to make it easier for
particular, complaints from customers with ‘money worries’. colleagues to respond faster.
Our focus in 2023 has included improving our customer
communications, by launching a new letter writing
application for our bespoke complaints letters. This
helps our colleagues create consistent and quality
communications, whilst improving efficiency. We’re also
testing new customer communication solutions and
challenging our thinking about how and when we
communicate with a view to provide more digital
correspondence. This not only responds to what
customers tell us they want but also reduces reliance
on paper and post, which is a small part of our
commitment to achieving sustainability targets
in our operations.

The ethical use of
Artificial Intelligence
In March 2023,the Group took a further step
towards ethical practices in data and
Artificial Intelligence (AI) by introducing its
inaugural Data and AI Ethics (DAIE) Council.
The formation of this council marked a
significant milestone for the Group. The
primary purpose of the council is to always
ensure we use data in ways our customers
would expect, regardless of whether it is
legal and compliant to do so. As a secondary
objective, it helps protect the bank from
reputational risks.
The council comprises a diverse range of senior executives
drawn from across the Group. While conventional risk
assessment often categorises cases into ‘low’, ‘medium’
or ‘high’ risk, categories, the DAIE council introduced an
has initiated a Bank-wide Generative AI assurance
innovative risk indicator, also known as ‘edge case’. These
programme, which draws upon expertise from many teams
are specific instances where the use of data or AI systems,
across the bank including legal, internal audit, conduct
despite meeting all legal and regulatory compliance
compliance and operational risk, chief technology
requirements, might still pose a potential risk to the bank
office and the chief data and analytics office teams.
or to its customers. The overarching ethos of the council
This programme not only reinforces established risk controls
is encapsulated in a pivotal question: “We know we can
that oversee data and machine learning algorithms but
deploy a model or use data in the way described in the
additionally mitigates new emerging risks specific to
edge case, but the question is, should we?”
Generative AI. The programme aims to scale the use of AI
to support and augment our colleagues’ roles, and create
To further strengthen our capability, we have created
better outcomes for our customers, whilst doing so under
a dedicated data and AI ethics team led by a head of
carefully implemented ethical guardrails.
data and AI ethics. The team’s purpose is to ensure ethical
guardrails are developed and implemented across the
We are adopting Generative AI by paying close attention
Bank. This team is augmented by technology experts,
to the impact it may have on our sustainability targets –
who specialise in creating ethical tooling and technology
Generative AI is very compute-intensive (i.e. it consumes
components which are made available across the bank.
considerable power to operate), therefore our adoption is
being carefully calibrated to ensure it aligns to the Bank’s
Simultaneously, as the financial sector’s interest in a new
sustainability targets. To help with this, we are partnering
class of AI technologies, so-called ‘Generative AI’, has
with the open-source community to use less carbonsurged during 2023, our commitment to safe, responsible
intensive Generative AI systems, which are optimal in
and ethical deployment of these technologies has
both performance and energy consumption.
increased. To harness this growing innovation, the Group
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 26
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our
frameworks
Frameworks in place across the Bank
and Scottish Widows provide details
on how we consider sustainability
in our banking products and services,
investments and stewardship activities.

Eligible types of finance to which this framework applies
Bank
include lending and/or third-party bond issuances arranged
by the Group which fall into one of the following categories:
frameworks • Use of proceeds products (finance and/or refinance
provided exclusively for Eligible Green Activities and/or
Eligible Social Activities)
• Sustainability-linked products (finance that incentivises
Sustainable Financing Framework improved sustainability)
The Bank has developed a Sustainable Financing • Sustainable business financing products (finance and/or
Framework which sets out our methodology for classifying refinance provided to a business which has 90 per cent
whether certain financial products and services offered by or more of its revenue generated from eligible green
Lloyds Banking Group may be described as sustainable for activities, eligible social activities or a mixture of the two)
the purpose of tracking and disclosing the Group’s progress
against its sustainable financing targets. The framework covers the Group’s Retail lending, Business
and Commercial Banking and Corporate and Institutional
The framework will be used when developing sustainable Banking eligible products and operates alongside the
finance products and to track the Group’s progress against Group’s Sustainable Bond Framework and the Group’s
its sustainable financing targets. It will also act as a way Housebuilding Sustainability Finance Framework.
to promote new environmental and social financing
opportunities. Providing a structured and consistent Sustainable Bond Framework
framework enhances the Group’s risk management and The Group’s Sustainable Bond Framework facilitates the
reporting, which can encourage innovation in financing issuance of Use of Proceeds Green and Social Bonds of
and the development of new financial products and any seniority within the capital structure by Lloyds Banking
services that align with the Group’s sustainability Group or any of its subsidiaries. It covers five categories
objectives and ambitions. of lending: Green Buildings, Renewable Energy, Energy
Efficiency, Clean Transportation and Affordable Housing;
setting out the methodology for classifying whether
products may be described as sustainable, supporting the
funding of eligible assets and the Group’s sustainability
strategy. The updated framework will be published in 2024.
Sustainable Housebuilding Framework
In 2022, the Group published Housebuilding Sustainability
Finance Framework which sets out the underlying eligible
qualifying purposes, themes and activities to classify the
Group’s loan propositions as sustainable finance in the
housebuilding sector. The Group’s intention is to make
sustainable finance accessible and available to as many
housebuilding sector operators as possible – from some of
the smallest developers to the largest housebuilders – and
to ensure that the resources available to each sized operator
are considered when designing the relevant loan proposition.
The framework covers two types of financial products: Use of
Proceeds (Green Loans) and Sustainability-Linked Loans and
establishes a consistent and comprehensive methodology
for the classification. We will closely monitor emerging market
and policy standards, such as the Future Homes Standard
consultation, and update the framework as appropriate.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 27
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our frameworks continued
Responsible Investment
and Stewardship Framework
The Scottish Widows Responsible Investment Our stewardship and responsible investment strategy,
including ensuring alignment with the FRC’s Stewardship
and Stewardship Framework articulates our
Code, is set by the Board of Scottish Widows. Board-level
ambition, which includes six principles of
scrutiny ensures responsible investment is embedded into
Responsible Investment and our Stewardship our activities throughout the entirety of the business.
Commitments.
Our Stewardship Policy applies to all Scottish Widows
Our decisions on asset allocation, manager selection, investments other than a very small proportion, which is
fund research and engagement activity are guided by comprised of direct loans in our shareholder funds, where
this framework and these principles are integrated into Lloyds Banking Group external sector statements are
our overall investment policy. applied.
Responsible investment allows us to manage risks and We believe Stewardship is integral to our business and
returns in a more effective way in the funds we offer, investment philosophy. As a large UK asset owner, we want
to safeguard our customers’ long-term savings. to ensure we play our part, not only in the responsible
oversight of our own assets, but in driving industry-wide
transition for better long-term outcomes for our customers
and clients, benefiting the UK and global economy
as a whole.
We target our Stewardship initiatives across three core pillars:
• Monitoring and oversight of our appointed investment
managers
• Direct and collective engagement with material investee
companies
• Contributing to industry-wide initiatives like those related
to policy advocacy
We aim to underpin this activity through dialogue and
engagement with our customers and members.
For further information and updated reporting –
please visit Scottish Widows Responsible Investment .

Responsible Investment
Framework
01 02
We will be a To help us manage
Invest responsible investor. downside risk, we will
responsibly We will strive to protect take a position on the 06 02
our investments companies we will
Private market Operate an from material ESG- not support and will
investment exclusions related risks and implement exclusions
opportunities policy seek to capitalise throughout funds
on ESG-related managed or
Our responsible opportunities. mandated by us.
investment
framework
05 03 03 04
Seek to integrate Reduce
across asset portfolio carbon We will aim to reduce We will aim to offer an
classes footprint the carbon intensity industry-leading fund
of our whole portfolio range to our customers
by 50 per cent by to help support causes
Fund range
aligned to 2030 and achieve that are close to their
customer values net zero by 2050. hearts while growing their
savings for the future.
05 06
We will seek to We will work with
extend our responsible policymakers and
investment principles industry participants
into all asset classes to promote direct
over time. investment opportunities
required to successfully
transition to a lower
carbon economy.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 28
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 29]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 29]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 29]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 29]
|
----------------------------------------

Upcoming
regulation
The Group continues to monitor the
evolving sustainability reporting landscape.
This section details activities undertaken to
date to prepare for upcoming regulatory
reporting changes.

International Sustainability Standards Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence
Board (ISSB) Directive (CSDDD)
We have reviewed the ISSB standards IFRS S1 ‘General The Group continues to monitor the development of
Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive
Financial Information’ and IFRS S2 ‘Climate-related and its anticipated implementation including how the
disclosures’ and are supportive of the ISSB objective to requirements will impact the Group and our EU
develop a comprehensive global baseline of sustainability subsidiary teams.
disclosures.
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial
We note that the disclosures will look to focus on disclosures
Disclosures (TNFD)
that:
The TNFD is a set of voluntary disclosure recommendations,
launched in September 2023. The Group continues to
• Are understandable, relevant, reliable and comparable
monitor TNFD developments within the UK and Europe.
for investors
We expect the structure of reporting against the TNFD will
• Are technically feasible to prepare
be very similar to how the Group has and is continuing
• Can be prepared on a timely basis and at the same time
to embed sustainability into the business according to
as general purpose financial reports
the four pillars of TCFD, including: Strategy, Governance,
• Are expected to generate benefits that are proportionate
Risk Management and Metrics & Targets.
to the costs that are likely to be incurred
We have undertaken a gap analysis based on current Sustainability disclosure requirements
Group capabilities and will be looking to close material gaps and investment labels
identified during 2024 in readiness for preparation of In November 2023, the FCA confirmed a substantial package
disclosures in line with the UK government endorsement. of measures to improve the trust and transparency of
sustainable investment products and minimise
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive greenwashing. The FCA will introduce:
(CSRD)
• An anti-greenwashing rule for all FCA-authorised firms
Our EU operations are in scope for CSRD reporting from 2024,
to make sure sustainability-related claims are fair, clear
with the Group providing guidance on ESG material topics
and not misleading
to support a double materiality perspective. We continue
• Product labels, based on clear sustainability goals and
to explore the use of tools available to complete the double
criteria to promote consumer confidence when choosing
materiality assessment, the Group is looking to complete
sustainable products to invest in
a gap analysis against the CSRD requirements in 2024.
• Naming and marketing requirements to ensure product
In scope EU subsidiary teams are looking at implementation
names accurately reflect sustainability characteristics
of CSRD reporting from 2024, with the remainder of the
of qualifying funds
Group falling into scope for CSRD reporting from 2028.
The anti-greenwashing rule applies to the whole Group, with
the provisions on labelling and marketing applying to
Scottish Widows. The Group continues to review these
proposals to ensure capabilities are embedded into
business-as-usual to manage and monitor compliance.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 29
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

As one of the UK’s largest financial
services provider with more than 27
million customers in the UK, we have
an important role to play in creating a
more sustainable and inclusive future
for people and businesses, shaping
finance as a force for good.
Inclusive

In this section
2023 in review 31
Promoting financial inclusion and resilience 33
Access to quality housing 44
Supporting regional development and communities 51
Diversity, equity and inclusion 58
Human rights and modern slavery 80
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 30
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 31]
| As one of the UK’s largest financial services provider with more than 27 million customers in the UK, we have an important role to play in creating a more sustainable and inclusive future for people and businesses, shaping finance as a force for good. | |
----------------------------------------
| Inclusive future | | e deliver Inclusive future Sustainable future Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 30
| | |

[Table 2 — Page 31]

----------------------------------------


2023 in review
In 2023 we have remained
committed to building an
inclusive future focusing our
efforts on where
we are best-placed to act.
The progress and performance that we
have delivered on these priorities in 2023
will enable us to drive further progress in
2024, ensuring that our Purpose is at the
heart of everything we do.

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 31
worG
Drive revenue
growth and
diversification
Promoting financial inclusion and resilience
Launched additional
£2.5m C.3.9m 4,750
support for
of potential additional customers who do savings accounts opened tablets, training and
income for customers not speak English as in 2023 mobile internet access to
through our partnership be provided to
a first language
with Citizens Advice participants in Liverpool
Increasing the access to quality housing
Established a Launched Citra
£2.7bn >£12bn
two-year partnership Pathways to expand
of new funding support of funding provided with Crisis shared home
to social housing sector to first-time buyers ownership support
Supporting regional development and productivity
Launched our Launched our
3,898
Start up Scale up Liverpool City Region
programme for apprentices, graduates Housing Initiative
small businesses and engineers trained
through MTC Training
Centre
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

sucoF egnahC
2023 in review continued
Strengthen
cost and capital
efficiency
Supporting our customers, clients and
communities through challenging times
>7.5m c.600,000
customers contacted businesses supported with
to offer support since customer resilience resources
April 2022
£24.7m
8.8m
donated to our Foundations
customers have and supported over 2,400 charities
registered for Your
Credit Score service
since 2021

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 32
egnahC
Maximise the
potential of people,
technology and data
Supporting and engaging our colleagues
Launched our Launched our
>6,300
Flexibility Works Inclusive Everyday
colleagues trained to colleague campaign for
be change catalysts to proposition colleagues
support our Grow with
Purpose initiative
Diversity, equity and inclusion
Launched Black in
12.4% 40.1%
Business initiative
representation of colleagues of our senior roles in partnership
with disabilities in senior
were held by women with Channel 4
manager roles
in 2023
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Promoting
financial
inclusion and
resilience
The Group continues to progress our
commitment to increasing financial
resilience and promoting inclusivity
in the UK’s financial sector.

2023 highlights
c.3.9m
savings accounts opened
in 2023
£2.5m
of potential additional income
for customers through our
partnership with Citizens Advice
tablets, training and mobile
internet access provided in
Liverpool by digital pilot project
We are leveraging our position as a
large financial service provider in the UK
and collaborating with partners, having
the potential to make a significant
impact on individuals and businesses.
Proactively supporting retail, insurance and commercial
customers is crucial in ensuring their success and
stability. We offer accessible and inclusive products,
processes and services that are inclusive by design. This
not only helps people and businesses navigate financial
difficulties but also empowers them to make informed
decisions and pursue their goals.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 33
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting
customers
By providing the right tools and resources,
we are actively working to prevent financial
difficulties from arising in the first place. This
proactive stance can make a meaningful
difference in people’s lives.
Our goal is to strive
towards a more
inclusive and financially
resilient future for our
customers, clients
and communities.

In recent years, the high cost of living in the UK has forced Support through a range of tools
many to make considerable changes and difficult choices. The Group continues to develop ways to support our
Our customers and clients are at the heart of what we do, so customers in their daily lives and developed a range
we continue to support them through financial challenges. of customer support services in our mobile banking apps
and tools. Giving customers access to information that will
The Group continue to identify those of our customers who help them to make good decisions is important. We’ve lots
are most likely to need help now and in the future, and assist of brand-new tools available on our Money Worries and
them with the right level of support. By doing so, we are Money Management pages such as the Support Tool and
enabling individuals and businesses to use financial Budget Calculator to support with this.
services to their fullest potential, ultimately improving their
overall wellbeing. Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland are offering
customers the ability to manage and cancel subscriptions
Supporting our customers to save (e.g. video streaming, recipe boxes) within our mobile banking
In 2023, we have increased our instant access rates and app without having to contact their provider. This can help with
expanded our savings offering for customers, with household budgeting. Since its launch in June 2021, more than
c.3.9 million savings accounts being opened in 2023. 6 million unwanted subscriptions have been managed.
We continue to support our customers and have contacted Through the app, customers can also freeze and unfreeze
more than 15 million deposit customers to ensure they are different types of transaction on debit or credit cards and
aware of their savings options, including limited withdrawal can set their own contactless limit on their debit card.
products offering higher rates than instant access, whilst Customers can select controls for gambling, spending
retaining flexibility in how savings are accessed. Each year, abroad, online and remote payments, as well as in-person
we contact over 200,000 customers on variable rate payments including digital wallets and contactless
mortgages to tell them how much they could save by transactions.
transferring to a lower fixed rate.
Spending alerts in addition allow customers to see when
The size of our fixed interest rate savings book has more money is paid in or out of their accounts and they can
than doubled in 2023 as we have launched new products receive reminders, spending insights for regular payments,
and helped customers benefit from higher rates. and alerts when a debit card is used, as well as a weekly
spending summary. Every month more than half a million
We are committed as a Group, to the Government’s Mortgage customers are using spending insights on our mobile
Charter, a series of measures which are very much in line with banking apps. A clear view helps them to identify where
our well-established approach to supporting customers who they might want to cut back or invest more.
are concerned about their finances.
Your Credit Score, a free service we provide in
partnership with TransUnion, gives customers access
to their credit information including credit score,
information about factors which may impact their
score and hints and tips to improve it over time.
8.8 million customers have registered for Your Credit
Score since 2021, of which 5.2 million customers opted
in for push notifications. This allows us to notify
customers when their credit score has been refreshed.
Over 500,000 customers have improved their score
band using the tool. We have also started capturing
customers’ reasons for registering for Your Credit Score
and in 2023, 3.3 million customers have shared their
reasons for registering. These insights will be used
to personalise future engagement with customers.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 34
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting customers continued
Supporting our customers when they need it most
Customers can access support through and internet banking prompts. By using data and insights We also offered customers in financial difficulty support
to gain a deeper understanding of customer needs, we are through:
multiple channels to seek help with their
able to refine and expand our support.
financial wellbeing or navigate the cost • Allowing time to seek support: Credit card, loans and
of living. Our partnership with Citizens Advice is a significant step overdraft customers who needed time to seek support
in revolutionising our support offering for customers and guidance were offered a temporary pause on all
The Group aims to talk to anyone who feels like they might in vulnerable financial positions. Through our partnership interest and fees, with no contact regarding payment
be facing difficulty so that we can help find a solution that with Citizens Advice, 4,000 customers have received during that period.
suits their individual circumstances. The earlier we talk to dedicated support and advice, helping them access • Repayment plans: Mortgage, motor, credit card,
someone who might be struggling, the more tools we have £2.5 million of potential additional income. overdraft and loan customers were able to discuss a
to help. Customers can engage with us directly either online, range of support options, including allowing more time
over the phone with one of our specially-trained colleagues, Through our Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland for repayment, making reduced payments for a period
or in branch. branches, customers can book an appointment with of time, or changing the product term of their mortgage
a specially trained colleague who can support them to help support them.
Throughout 2023, we proactively helped customers to with any money worries. We also had more than 4,000 • Consolidating debts: Credit card, loans and overdraft
manage the challenging economic environment and colleagues helping to provide financial assistance to customers have been able to consolidate their
financial uncertainty, recognising the impact on their overall customers in financial difficulty through tailored treatments outstanding debt into a lower interest loan.
wellbeing, health, relationships and general sense of security. and products.
Mortgage customers were particularly affected by high
Since April 2022, we have contacted more than 7.5 million interest rates so we offered a range of support and products
customers most in need in need of support with the cost of to help those coming to the end of a deal including:
living through a mix of emails, direct mail, outbound calling
• The option to secure a new mortgage rate up to six Making sure that our customers have easy access to
information to make informed decisions is important.
months in advance, which provides more flexibility and
choice. If these rates fall during those six months,
>7.5m Our Money Worries and Money Management website
customers can then switch again to the lower rate.
• Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland customers on pages across our Lloyds, Halifax, Bank of Scotland and
MBNA brands are also an invaluable resource for the
customers have been a variable rate, whether they’re up to date with payments
over 1.5 million annual visitors. Money Worries pages
or not, can switch to a new fixed rate. This option is
proactively contacted through provide guidance for customers likely to be in
currently saving some customers up to £185 a month.
a mix of emails, direct mail, • We also remained committed to the Mortgage Charter financial difficulty or concerned about keeping up
outbound calling and with payments, while Money Management pages
measures and continually enhanced customer journeys
internet banking prompts to enable them to get support. contain resources, tools and tips to help customers
stay on track and manage their finances.
since April 2022
We also signpost customers to organisations such as
StepChange which provide independent help, debt
advice as well as support with income maximisation.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 35
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting customers continued
Making it easier for customers
to tell us what they need
The Group is placing a strong emphasis Across Halifax, Lloyds Bank and Bank of Scotland we have
3.1 million specific customer support needs registered
on understanding and meeting the specific
across our channels, enabling us to better meet our
needs of its customers.
customers needs.
Creating an environment where customers feel comfortable The emphasis on recording customers’ support needs
discussing their support requirements is crucial, so we have and sharing them with relevant teams is a practical way
focused on making it easier for them to tell us about the to ensure that customers don’t have to repeat difficult
support they need. conversations. This not only streamlines the process but
also shows empathy and consideration for the customer
The introduction of features on our online and mobile experience.
banking platforms that allow customers to record their
support needs, such as special formats for letters and Our Help and Support hubs across customer websites are
statements, or indicating speech difficulties, use of British a rich resource for individuals seeking advice and guidance
Sign Language, or mobility support, demonstrates our on various financial situations. The inclusion of information
thoughtful approach to accessibility. regarding key life events, health issues and money worries,
along with signposting to independent organisations and
Additionally, providing options for customers with more charities, is a valuable service for all customers.
complex needs to communicate their requirements over the
phone or in person further demonstrates our commitment
to financial inclusion.
3.1m
specific customer support
needs registered

Purpose in action
Upskilling and training our colleagues Support through
to support our customers challenging times and
The Group training provided to all customer-facing Home Insurance
colleagues to support them in understanding vulnerability SDG 8.10: Strengthen
the capacity of
and addressing it with empathy, is a crucial step in ensuring Paying bills upfront can be domestic financial
that customers in vulnerable circumstances receive the financially challenging for institutions
support they need. many of our customers, however, to encourage and
opting to pay monthly can incur expand access to
Tailoring our inclusion training to specific business areas an additional charge to their banking, insurance
and upskilling colleagues according to their needs is a key insurance premium. We want our and financial
part of our inclusion strategy. Our vulnerability and customers to choose payment services for all.
capability training modules were completed over 209,000 structures that work best for them.
times in 2023.
Since January 2023, there has
Our customer vulnerability support tool been no cost of borrowing (APR)
We are committed to supporting both colleagues and on any of our home insurance
customers in vulnerable situations. Through the expansion policies. This gives confidence to
of our Colleague Vulnerability Support Tool incorporating more than 1 million Lloyds Bank,
additional vulnerabilities such as speech impediments, Bank of Scotland, Halifax and
addiction and modern slavery, we have taken a proactive MBNA customers that they are not
approach to guide colleagues in conversations with negatively impacted by paying in
customers, ensuring a comprehensive understanding of instalments over the year.
their financial practical and emotional needs. Where we are
unable to help, we signpost or refer to external organisations However, we recognise that
and partners, assisting customers to additional support. sometimes it can still be tough
for our customers to meet their
The tool aids in identifying appropriate solutions based on monthly payments. As part of our
the impacts and needs identified, empowering colleagues purpose of Helping Britain Prosper,
to have meaningful conversations with customers about all our home insurance customers
their circumstances. are eligible for payment deferral
should they require this additional
support during challenging times.
As part of this response, we have
permanently embedded a
specialist team to work with these
customers, enabling them to
protect what is important to them.
In 2023, we were able to support
539 customers with this.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 36
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 37]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 37]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 37]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 37]
|
----------------------------------------

Supporting customers continued
Our specialist support initiatives
Our specialist support teams are trained Supporting customers impacted by
to handle specific circumstances requiring gambling
extra care and bespoke support which We are committed to providing support for customers with
gambling support needs, developing strategies to help
demonstrates our dedication to addressing
customers control their spending and manage their
individual needs. finances effectively.
The provision of dedicated phone numbers for these We offer support tools that enable customers to regulate
specialist teams, publicly accessible on our customer their card spending in a practical and impactful way. This
websites, ensures ease of access for those who require empowers individuals to set limits on their spending and
specialist assistance. take charge of their financial wellbeing.
Furthermore, the ability for colleagues to make referrals into Customers are able to sign up directly from our customer
these specialist support teams underscores a collaborative websites with Gamban. This initiative provides an accessible
approach to providing the best possible support for resource for individuals seeking additional help in
customers. This ensures that customers in need are managing their gambling habits.
identified and connected with the appropriate resources
and expertise.
Additionally, our customers can access GamCare , for
confidential online support and access to forums, providing
In 2023 our specialist support teams provided dedicated
an alternative avenue for those who may not be
support to all customers affected by:
comfortable speaking directly with someone.
Our specialist
• Serious illness and ill health, offering support to
customers affected by ill health through the provision support initiatives
of fee suppressions, waiver of fees and charges,
payment holidays and more demonstrate our
• Bereaved customers, assisting them to navigate
the practical and money-related matters they need dedication to
to deal with following the death of a loved one
• Domestic and financial abuse understanding
individual
customer needs.

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 37
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting customers continued
Trusted persons Recognising the link between mental health
The Trusted Person Card, introduced in 2020, was a and debt
significant step towards providing additional support for Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland were the first
customers who may need assistance in managing their organisation to receive the ‘Mental Health Accessible’
finances. This card offers a practical solution for friends, accreditation (Advanced Level) from the Money and Mental
family and carers to help with everyday purchases and Health Policy Institute in 2023.
accessing cash on behalf of those who need it such as the
ability to have a different card number and PIN, allowing the They praised our strategy of equipping colleagues with
customer then to monitor how the card is being used and the skills to identify vulnerable circumstances and how
provides the ability to cancel it at any time, offering peace these are applied so that we have great conversations to
of mind. understand the financial, practical and emotional impact
of a customer’s situation.
The introduction of Trusted Person Alerts in 2023 is another
step in providing further support mechanisms for customers
and their trusted individuals. This service allows customers
to select someone they trust to receive text messages
about their current account activity. Importantly, this trusted
person does not have access to the accounts for making
payments or viewing balances, ensuring privacy and
security for customers. By giving customers the ability to
pre-agree on the content of these text messages, we’re
providing a customisable and flexible way to keep trusted
individuals informed about account activity, while
respecting privacy and confidentiality.
Domestic and financial abuse
Our Domestic and Financial Abuse team, set up in 2019, has
now supported over 8,500 victim-survivors to rebuild their
finances. Specially trained by domestic abuse charities
Surviving Economic Abuse and Tender, our colleagues
support customers in the way that best suits their needs,
including separating finances and setting up new accounts.
The team also signposts to domestic abuse charities for
emotional and practical support where needed and taking
direct referrals from domestic abuse charities.
In some instances, the Domestic and Financial Abuse team
will refer customers to our Exceptional Circumstances Panel,
who are there to help resolve the most complex financial
abuse cases.
We work closely with Surviving Economic Abuse, learning
from their experts, including survivors of financial abuse,
to inform our strategy, embedded a colleague from
Surviving Economic Abuse into the Group to help us to
evolve our support for colleagues and customers.
Throughout 2023, we have supported 3,784 victims of
domestic and financial abuse.

Purpose in action
Macmillan cancer
support
SDG 8.10: Strengthen
the capacity of
domestic financial
institutions
to encourage and
Since the launch of the Scottish Scottish Widows is Macmillan’s first expand access to
Widows and Macmillan Partnership, insurance partner to offer both banking, insurance
and financial
Scottish Widows have referred nearly referrals, and an improved critical
services for all.
600 customers to Macmillan for illness claims process for the
cancer support. Our partnership customer. Our partnership enables SDG 10.2: By 2030,
empower and
allows for a two-way referral system: some Scottish Widows customers to
promote the social,
Macmillan will refer an individual to verify their cancer diagnosis through
economic
our claims team if they identify a their Macmillan Cancer Nurse
and political
Scottish Widows policy. At the same Specialists, which can speed up the inclusion of all,
time, Scottish Widows offers referrals claim. Moreover, to ensure our irrespective
to Macmillan’s Financial Guide team colleagues are confident in holding of age, sex, disability,
for our customers with cancer. empathetic conversations with their race, ethnicity, origin,
Customers, who were signposted to colleagues, we have worked with religion or economic
this service, are now collectively Macmillan to develop training that or other status.
better off by over £242,000. Due to the builds the necessary resilience
benefit to our customers, Scottish and capability to do so. We also
Widows announced an extension to encourage all of our line managers to
its partnership with Macmillan complete training, of a similar nature,
Cancer Support in October 2023. on how to best talk to their colleagues
affected by cancer.
In 2023, Scottish Widows continued
to provide in-the-moment support
for colleagues impacted by cancer
and support three key Macmillan
initiatives – World Cancer Day, Mighty
Hikes and the Coffee Morning. We
also built an allyship with Access,
the Lloyds Banking Group’s Disability
colleague network, to promote
Macmillan activity on our internal
Volunteering hub. Consequently,
between January and August 2023,
there were 471 referrals between
Macmillan and Lloyds Banking
Group brands.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 38
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 39]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 39]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 39]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 39]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 39]
|
----------------------------------------

Supporting
businesses
During 2023, we targeted support for our
business customers to help them navigate
challenging times. We have leveraged
our data to understand customer
resilience in a way that allows targeted
outreach to those who would benefit most.

Supporting businesses
through challenging times
In 2023, we have supported c.600,000 We conducted a colleage-led outreach programme
focusing on the clients, within the Business and Commercial
businesses with guidance on the cost of living
banking business, ,who are more likely to be impacted by
and how to build financial resilience.
high inflation and higher interest rates and we have directly
supported nearly 8,500 business customers.
We continue to provide support via 1,100 business
specialists in communities nationwide to help business We also provide regular economic and market insights
customers develop appropriate recovery and growth plans. to help businesses make more informed decisions. This
For customers with Bounce Back Loans we have provided includes our Business Barometer, which measures business
additional support through Pay as You Grow, including and economic confidence each month, UK Sector Tracker,
extensions and payment holidays. and our series of Business Insights.
We are working with key partners to be there for customers,
including via Mental Health UK and the Soil Association
Exchange for the Agriculture sector, see page 109 for further
information on our work with the Soil Association Exchange.
Through our partnership with Mental Health UK, we have
launched a hub to support small business leaders and
owners. In addition, through this partnership, we have
supported businesses to build their resilience through
coaching sessions as well as providing financial support
across financial initiatives, including fee waivers and
increased telephony resourcing to support inbound
and outbound activity.
c.600,000
business customers received support in 2023
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 39
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting businesses continued
Supporting the productivity and resilience of businesses
Start up Scale up of working into their operations. This has delivered Lloyds Bank and MTC Training Centre apprenticeships have
In 2023 we successfully piloted and rolled out our Start Up c.£7 million in additional benefits from increased revenues, also teamed up to create a partnership to deliver fully
Scale Up programme by Lloyds Bank Academy. Since reduced costs and driven profit growth. funded high-value engineering apprenticeships to SMEs in
the programme launched in May, we have supported Coventry, Warwickshire and the surrounding areas. In 2019,
over 150 businesses in our Regional Development cities Manufacturing plays a critical role in the journey towards the Group agreed a further £9 million of support over three
of Birmingham, Liverpool and Leeds. Helping the business sustainability and net zero decarbonisation, but identifying years to help SMEs to invest in apprenticeships through our
owners to build a roadmap to growth, this eight-week the challenges and solutions can be a daunting task for levy transfer initiative.
programme is designed with a mix of 1-2-1 coaching, online businesses. The MTC has a range of sustainability services
learning and in-person sessions, which provide businesses to help manufacturers identify sustainability improvements Skillsoft
with the opportunity to network with other local business in their business. Businesses continue to face new challenges, and are
leaders. operating in rapidly evolving environments with a shortage
The MTC offers manufacturers nationwide a complimentary of critical skills. To help businesses adapt and acquire new
Be the Business Sustainability Line Walk for Lloyds Bank Customers to explore skills, with the support of Skillsoft, we have created access
In 2023, we extended our strategic partnership with Be the how their business could make sustainability improvements, to an online training platform through the Lloyds Bank
Business to help hundreds of UK SME business leaders as well as identifying energy and cost-saving opportunities. Academy, offering training in leadership and personal
achieve sustained productivity growth and success. We have effectiveness to improve productivity as well as creating
sponsored 125 businesses to receive support from a Be the The review identifies energy and cost saving opportunities and attractive propositions to acquire new talent. We have
Business Mentor or ‘The Productivity Programme’, benefitting highlights opportunities for sustainability improvements in key made 20,000 licences available to small and medium-sized
from the advice and guidance of executives from some of areas such as waste, lifecycle impact, resource and reporting. businesses and not-for-profits to support skill development.
the UK’s leading companies. We have also committed to
providing Be the Business with 24 colleague volunteers, Supporting the skills required for the future Levy transfer
further supporting small businesses. Since we first partnered at the MTC Training Centre The UK job market has continued to remain turbulent and
in 2019, our contribution has helped to generate an estimated Lloyds Bank continues to promote the importance of during this period we have continued to equip SMEs through
£37 million boost to UK SME productivity. bringing new skills into the manufacturing industry through our levy transfer initiative to invest in skills within their business
the apprentice support service in conjunction with the MTC and create new opportunities for young people and adults
The Manufacturing Technology Centre Training Centre for companies across England. Established faced with reskilling in an evolving market. The Group is
The Manufacturing Technology Centre’s (MTC) programmes in 2015, the Lloyds Bank MTC Training Centre is a state amongst the largest private sector donors and through
aim to help businesses be more productive, innovative and of-the-art centre designed to create a new generation the initiative, we’re helping to resolve critical skills gaps and
3,898 reduce costs. They can help address practical, technical of engineers and technicians to help the UK realise its provide opportunities for future UK economic success. By the
and strategic engineering challenges including: potential in advanced manufacturing. The Lloyds Bank MTC end of 2023, we committed financial support to more than
productivity, supply chain robustness, digitalisation Training Centre connects apprentices with high-calibre 1,300 apprentices employed by over 900 businesses in areas
apprentices, graduates and and new product, and process development. manufacturing and engineering employers who are looking of critical skills shortfall, to a cumulative value of £13.3 million.
to employ the best talent in the industry.
engineers in the manufacturing
sector trained and upskilled Manufacturing businesses nationwide can take up the
The Group has extended its long-term investment to
opportunity to have a free consultative line walk at their
through our annual investment £15 million over 15 years, which is on track to support the facility to discuss current challenges and identify potential
into the MTC Training Centre to training and upskilling of over 6,000 apprentices, graduates
solutions. 594 Lloyds Bank manufacturing clients have taken
date up this opportunity to date. There is no obligation for future and engineers in the manufacturing sector by 2030.
Through our annual investment in the MTC Training Centre,
collaboration but over 100 of our clients have utilised further
we have trained and upskilled 3,898 apprentices, graduates
support programmes to embed innovation and new ways
and engineers in the manufacturing sector to date.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 40
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Increasing
access to
banking
Our commitment to financial inclusion is reflected
in the Group being the largest provider of Basic
Bank Accounts in the UK, with c.114,000 accounts
opened across our brands in 2023, we are taking
a significant step in promoting accessibility
to essential financial services.

Purpose in action
People experiencing homelessness, When English is not
financial abuse, survivors of modern a first language
slavery, refugees, asylum seekers and
We know that language barriers SDG 8.10: Strengthen
prisoners are all demographics that may result in customers the capacity of
domestic financial
may face greater difficulties in accessing managing their products without institutions
banking services. the confidence we would like them to encourage and
to have. Our customer-facing expand access to
colleagues are encouraged banking, insurance
By acknowledging these challenges and showing an to use their own bilingual skills, and financial
understanding of the barriers that exist for some individuals where they match the needs services for all.
we have simplified our processes to make it easier for of the customer. However, we SDG 10.3: Ensure
colleagues to support these vulnerable groups in a understand that we can’t always equal opportunity
practical and effective way. connect the customer’s language and reduce
requirement to a colleague with inequalities of
outcome, including
By offering support for customers with non-standard the existing skillset.
by eliminating
identification documents, we are directly addressing
discriminatory laws,
a common hurdle that people may face when trying To make our interactions more policies and
to establish a financial foothold. efficient and better cater to our practices and
customers, Scottish Widows is promoting
We are testing additional support for customers who piloting the use of a third-party appropriate
do not speak English as their first language, introducing translation service. Two of our legislation, policies
a telephone translation service along with an in-branch customer-facing business areas and action in this
app translator that supports auto-translation between are using the service, which allows regard.
colleague and customer. The Lloyds Bank, Halifax and a three-way call with an
Bank of Scotland websites now have dedicated pages interpreter in real time, providing
that explain how we can support people who have recently tailored support for our customers
arrived in the country gain access to a bank account. in over 150 languages.
In response to the crisis in Ukraine, these pages have been
made available to download in Ukrainian and Russian, with
translations into more languages to follow soon.
To support customers who are deaf or have hearing loss
we launched basic British Sign Language (BSL) training
for all colleagues. In addition to this we have partnered
with Signly to translate our customer websites and where
a web page has not yet been translated, customers are
able to request the page is translated and we’ll provide
a BSL version in less than a week.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 41
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 42]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 42]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 42]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 42]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 42]
|
----------------------------------------

Increasing access to banking continued
Supporting financial
and digital capability
Our commitment to becoming a digitally With our partners, we have developed tailored training
for communities to get online as a strategic and impactful
accessible financial service provider,
approach. The pilot programme that took place in Liverpool
ensuring that our digital channels are usable
during 2023, provided tablets and in-person training to
by everyone regardless of their abilities, is a 513 local individuals who are unemployed or economically
significant step towards financial inclusivity. inactive, showcasing a tangible effort to bridge the
digital divide.
The development of training for individuals, businesses
and charities not only supports customers who may Together, we continue to expand this initiative, and will
not have prior experience with the internet but also be providing 4,750 tablets, training and mobile internet
empowers businesses and charities to harness technology access to digitally excluded individuals across the city
for their benefit. region, demonstrating our commitment to improving
digital literacy and accessibility across the UK. We have
Furthermore, extending this support to businesses and a collaborative approach, involving partners from the
charities demonstrates our commitment to building community and voluntary sector, local authorities and
inclusive communities. members of the Digital Inclusion Network.
Our involvement reflects a comprehensive approach
Resources for our customers
to addressing digital access and inclusion. Our efforts
Our digital initiatives and tools demonstrate our dedication
to provide practical support, resources and training
to providing practical support and resources to individuals
to individuals facing financial challenges and digital
facing various financial challenges and life events. We are
exclusion are making a tangible difference in communities.
helping businesses and communities scale and grow
through building their digital skills.
tablets, training and
mobile internet provided
in Liverpool in 2023

Purpose in action
Donna’s story
Donna, a participant in the digital skills
training in Liverpool, has been a
recipient of Jobseeker’s Allowance for
It might sound
SDG 8.10: Strengthen several years with no previous work
the capacity of history. She has a hearing impairment
domestic financial which can create an additional barrier a little bit
institutions to employment.
to encourage and cheesy but
expand access to
“ I am made up to be getting closer
banking, insurance
to employment, but the tablet and that really is
and financial
internet has not just helped me with
services for all.
that. It has also allowed me to stay life-changing.
SDG 10.3: Ensure
connected with friends easier, I can
equal opportunity
and reduce do things like FaceTime friends, and
inequalities of we can sign to each other.”
outcome, including
by eliminating
discriminatory laws,
policies and
practices and
promoting
appropriate
legislation, policies
and action in this
regard.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 42
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 43]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 43]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 43]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 43]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 43]
|
----------------------------------------

Increasing access to banking continued
Consumer Digital Index Making money meaningful with financial
As part of our dedicated effort to understand and address education
the digital and financial capability landscape in the UK, we We continue to offer help to children and young adults
make use of and review unique datasets, along with our across the UK to better understand the value of money
analytical capabilities and research partnerships. By and manage their finances day-to-day as they transition
sharing our findings with partners, we aim to actively to financial independence. Our activity is primarily delivered
contribute to raising awareness about the profound impact face-to-face by colleague volunteers in schools and further
confidence and proficiency in digital and financial education establishments.
capability can have on people’s lives.
We also have a range of free, newly Quality Mark accredited
The annual publication of the Consumer Digital Index report, resources that are available for download via the Lloyds
now in its eighth year, highlights our commitment to tracking Bank Academy site. Employers can also use the content to
and analysing people’s behaviours and attitudes towards build it into their apprenticeship and graduate enrichment
technology, online services and financial wellbeing. This programmes, and our materials are available for
report serves as a significant resource for understanding colleagues to support their own families/friends, networks
the evolving digital landscape in the UK, utilised by the and communities.
Department for Education and other organisations.
In 2023, over 350 colleagues used their skills and the
The integration of the Essential Digital Skills Benchmark into resources to deliver face-to-face financial education
the Consumer Digital Index Report provides a lessons to over 2,500 students in 22 different educational
comprehensive view of the digital skills necessary for environments across the UK. We continue to work with Young
independent internet access and for navigating everyday Enterprise to ensure that the learning outcomes of our
life and work. This benchmark is a crucial tool for assessing, resources are in line with recommendations from the Money
informing and improving digital literacy. and Pensions Service, and work collaboratively with our peer
organisations through our engagement with UK Finance.
Supporting the Department of Education through our We also continue to actively promote Talk Money Week.
proactive approach in measuring the Essential Digital Skills
Framework, we aim to reinforce our broader commitment
to Helping Britain Prosper through supporting societal
wellbeing and education.
2,500
students supported through
face-to-face financial
education lessons

Purpose in action
The Digital Helpline
SDG 8.10: Strengthen
the capacity of
domestic financial
institutions
to encourage and
Partnering with We Are Group to towards bridging the digital divide. expand access to
banking, insurance
provide a digital helpline for Lloyds Coupled with training from the Digital
and financial
Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland Helpline, this ensures that individuals
services for all.
customers, as well as people across not only receive the necessary tools
SDG 10.2: By 2030,
the UK, has allowed the Group to take but also the knowledge to use them
empower and
a collaborative approach to effectively.
promote the social,
addressing digital inclusion. economic
The personalised approach of and political
In 2023 we were able to provide trainers spending up to two hours at inclusion of all,
assistance through this initiative, a time with individuals acknowledges irrespective
covering a wide range of essential that each person may have different of age, sex, disability,
digital skills, from basic tasks like learning needs and speeds. race, ethnicity, origin,
religion or economic
switching on a device and
or other status.
connecting to the internet, to more By providing telephony support and
advanced functions like setting up comprehensive training through The
online banking and booking Digital Helpline we are empowering
appointments. individuals to navigate the digital
world.
The free initiative to provide tablet
devices, along with a SIM card with a
data allowance, for those who do not
have access to a device or cannot
afford one, is a significant step
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 43
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 44]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 44]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 44]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 44]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 44]
|
----------------------------------------

Access
to quality
housing
Access to housing is
increasingly being recognised
as a core condition in the
creation of a sustainable and
inclusive UK society – providing
household and financial security,
and supporting healthy lives,
strong communities and
economic productivity.

2023 highlights
The Group supports over
340 housing associations
across the UK
£2.7bn
of new funding supported
to the social housing sector
>£12bn
of funding provided to firsttime buyers
The Group operates across the full UK
housing ecosystem, supporting housing
development and access, through to
improvements and protection. This means
that the Group has the capability, scale
and external relationships to drive positive
change in this sector.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 44
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Access to quality housing continued Purpose in action
The Good Economy
Supporting the UK housing market
During 2023, Scottish Widows
commissioned specialist impact SDG 8.10: Achieve
advisers The Good Economy (TGE) higher levels of
to develop a framework which can economic
productivity through
be used to measure and report on
diversification,
the social impact of the housing
Supporting the UK housing market Social housing is an integral part of the UK’s housing Supporting small to medium-sized and real estate portion of its loan technological
Underpinning the Group’s social purpose is a desire to be landscape with millions of people benefitting from stable and housebuilders book. Ultimately, the aim of this was u in p n g o r v a a d t i i n o g n , a in n c d l uding
part of building an inclusive and sustainable society. Access genuinely affordable homes. We support over 340 housing Housing Growth Partnership (HGP) is an equity investor to provide insight into the real- through a focus on
to quality housing is a fundamental human need with associations across the UK, from small local associations of and part of the Group. HGP invest patient capital with the world impact for people and places high-value added
affordable and stable homes giving people a foundation on several hundred homes to larger regional associations with purpose of delivering social impact through partnership delivered through Scottish Widows’ and labour-intensive
which they can thrive. The Group is one of the largest funders tens of thousands of homes. Since 2018, we have supported with selected residential developers and housebuilders to lending activities in these sectors. sectors.
of the UK housing sector and we are committed to expanding over £17 billion of new funding to the sector. In 2023 we have increase the number of homes being delivered and help SDG 11.1: By 2030,
the availability and affordability of safe, quality and supported £2.7 billion of new funding to the social housing our partners grow. Find out more about the impact we have Through a mix of qualitative and ensure access for
sustainable housing. The Group is an integral part of the UK’s sector, of which £1.4 billion is sustainable (green or social use already made on page 52 and at Social Impact Investor. quantitative data – including staff all to adequate, safe
housing landscape with millions of people benefitting from of proceeds) or sustainability-linked (including key ESG and client interviews, client survey and affordable
stable and genuinely affordable homes. performance indicators). Supporting the rental market and analysis of lending data – h se o r u v s ic in e g s a a n n d d basic
A i c a t n h h c c c r c a c o re e e n u a s s g g s s s e h i t t n o a o s g h n s t l a h d y e r e c c w e u h b d a r a e e n o l n l t w a e e t n n n o fi d g e t e s i r q n x s o p g u h f l i a . o h p W l r o , i e t s e m y u ’ t r h h p e e o e p o u u o o w n s r p i i n t q n p i e n u g o r g e s r i s l t h a y u b i p p n q e , i l u t a c i i n a e o c c l s e m i l t u d t y o i d n r t e i i o g n n n c g e t r n a e a l a a c s n t e d O t t e r o e h n u d r c e o r u o r u f g c u n g e y n t h i d n e e t i f u n o n fi e e g c b r t i g u e i o s y i n l i u d n c b s i v y n i e l e l g a s d s n t t n b o d a e y t n w r a o e d c u t h r i k r o o m l h e m fi p o t f e r u u im o s e s v i a l p n e p s r g o t o h w v a v e e e e s m l s q r l t o a u y e c . a s n i a l s t it s u t y i , p o h o n p e f o l c t p h r u t i e n i s n i t g r g o h t m o o e m rs e s, T s S r R q e e h o e u n c e g c a t t i i e l G a o s it d t r l r y e . o F I s r a n i u n e i n n p 2 a c d 0 t n E i o s 2 n c c r 2 w g o e . T l w n o a e h d r e x n e k i p i d t p n r i l o e o u g w n p r b i i t s n o l o l l i g s r f h o i t h m a h r c e v o t o p d e e w n r n o r a c e a l v e l s s u e n n e i d g t q d a s e n , u e r d i a c fi a r s n h c t l i h d a t c i y n a a n e t i c t n n m a i o m i t m p l h N la p h e a p b a a t p r i o o s c o r r i v t i n s a v e o e a a t n i s t l t o h e L t h n a e h r o n e w e p u d n r i r e s t t i l h v o i e n i a s r d g d t a e T f a e h p r G x o s u a i s u E b s m e t s l d i i s e i n s n e s w h g g v m e o e r l d e e r o lo k a n a i p n a t l n e e n o J b d s a d f t o S n a a u o c u t n s k o e a o d , t r a w t c e y i n s i r h a 2 t h d i o l 0 c W i o s 2 h m o 4 k i w d c p . a i o a a a n w s c l t s upgrade slums.
social housing sector, taking the building of housing that
s a u v p a p ila o b rt i s li t i y n c o l f u s s p iv e e c c ia o li m st m ho u u n s it i i n e g s . further and increasing the D t o h n u a r t t i e n , w n g a h 2 n e 0 t r 2 e s 3 a a , f w p e e p ty l r i , c e d a v a i b e m l w e p e , a d a s n o s d o u c r m i s a o o t u c io i l a d n l s , r h c e o a t u r n o s fi i a n t c g a c n l e e d l n e i d n ra i c n t r e g e a s p p s o i e l n i n c g d y t i s h n o e g g m in o fl o l u d r e t e g n n a c o g e p e la p p n o ro d rt v l u o id n rd i e t y r b s t e o c h a d a n e v s u io i s g u e n r i a t t h n to e d i r n h e f e g o l i r p s m t r e e l r e d in n u d c s i u e n c g th h d e a e b w c u i a s rd i y o e n s n o s , o th f at K in e c y l u fi d n e d : i ngs from the report
Supply and accessibility of social housing supply of new homes. Reflecting this, we have migrated a the enforcement. We have continued to engage the industry • 69 per cent of homes
range of clients who are benefitting from a combined year 1 and political stakeholders on the opportunity for mortgage
Research tells us that social housing adds value to society increase in financial capacity of over £500 million, a providers to use a Property Portal in England. financed located in the
by reducing unemployment, improving health outcomes 40 per cent most deprived cumulative increase of c.£3 billion over a five year period.
and improving educational performance. This is why we Our BM Solutions business have teamed up with the Energy local authorities in terms
c im on p t o in rt u a e n t c o e c o h f a a m h p o i m on e s a o n c d ia w l h e o a u r s e i n h g e r in e t to h e H U e K lp – B w rit e a i k n n P o r w o s t p he e r. W ho e u w si a n n g t m to a u rk s e e t o th u a r t s c w a o le rk s a n fo d r r a e ll a . c D h u r t i o n g h e th lp e s y h e a a p r e w a e S p a ro v p in e g r s ti e Tr s u t s o t b to e c h o e m lp e c l m ie o nt re s m fri a en ke d l c y h f a o n r t g h e e s e to n v t i h ro e n ir ment, • c o . f 5 h 7 o , 0 u 0 s 0 in f g u l d l- e t p im riv e a e t q io u n ivalent
jobs supported across
created a national housing convening group, and as part as well as guidance for landlords to make energy efficiency
We have been by the side of the social housing sector for of this process we are engaging with key stakeholders improvements to their properties, how to manage current Scottish Widows’
d su e s c t a a d in e a s b a le n d h o o u u s r i n v g is i t o h n a i t s m to e e e n ts a t b h l e e U a K c ’ c s e lo s n si g b - le te , q rm ua n li e ty e d a s n , d t c o h u a n lle d n e g rs in ta g n a d s w pe h c a t t s m of o fi re n a w n e c c in a g n r d e o tr o to fi t s t u in p g p o o f r t p t r h o e p erties a on n d th p e r o g p o o v s e e rn d m EP e C n t c g h r a a n n g ts e a s n a d n d sc g h u e id m a e n s c a e v f a o i r l a o b u l r e c t l o ie f n u t n s d • c 4 o 5 m pe m r e c r e c n ia t l o p f o th rt e f o e l s io timated
and our strategy is focused on the three core pillars of to improve tenant wellbeing and to increase the amount energy efficient property improvements. Our BM Business jobs fall within local authority
Supply, Accessibility and Sustainability. of affordable housing developments. Development Managers frequently educate brokers on areas where the need for
‘good jobs’ is higher
private rented sector regulation and proposed standards
relevant to landlords in the different nations of the UK.
Hear more on discussions, Full analysis and methodology
insights and challenges in >£17bn can be found in the Scottish
social housing in our ‘Making Widows housing and real estate
Sense of Social Housing’ of new funding supported investment impact report .
podcasts
to the social housing sector
since 2018
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 45
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 46]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 46]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 46]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 46]
|
----------------------------------------

pihsrentrap
ruO
sisirC
htiw
Purpose in action
SDG 11.1: By 2030,
ensure access for all
to adequate, safe
and affordable
housing and basic
services and In 2023 Lloyds Banking Group and Increasing the provision of social Together, Lloyds Banking Group and
upgrade slums. Crisis, a UK national charity for people homes can help some people on the Crisis are calling for one million new
SDG 11.3: By 2030, experiencing homelessness, joined journey to home ownership. Those genuinely affordable homes to
enhance inclusive forces through a new two-year in social housing pay lower rents than be built and made available to those
and sustainable partnership to help tackle the shortage if renting privately, which for some on the lowest incomes by 2033, with
urbanisation and
of good-quality, affordable homes in people gives more of an opportunity a focus on supporting people at risk
capacity for
Great Britain (working with Simon to save for a deposit on a first home. of and experiencing homelessness.
participatory,
integrated and Community in Northern Ireland), which We recognise the urgent need for
sustainable human is leaving hundreds of thousands of more genuinely affordable and Lloyds Banking Group will also
settlement planning people trapped in homelessness. secure homes to be made available support Crisis to partner with Homes
and management in to those on low incomes. for Good to develop and launch
all countries. Access to decent quality homes a new lettings agency, Good Place
SDG 17.7: Encourage is a fundamental part of solving Driven by our purpose of Helping Lettings, in response to the chronic
and promote homelessness. Good-quality social Britain Prosper, we want to help Crisis affordable housing shortage. This
effective public, housing in the UK is becoming achieve its aim to end homelessness innovative new agency will match
public-private and increasingly scarce, with not enough for good. Making sure that everyone and support both tenants and
civil society
homes being built to meet demand has a safe and affordable home landlords and avoid poor and
partnerships,
and too many homes in disrepair is not only the right thing to do, exclusionary practices in the
building on the
and in poor condition. With a severe it creates a stronger and more private rented sector. It will be fair
experience and
resourcing strategies shortage of good, genuinely affordable productive society and benefits us all. for tenants and for landlords.
of partnerships. homes, millions of people across
the UK are trapped in poor-quality
housing.

“Our partnership with Lloyds Banking Group
will ensure we can take the bold action that is
desperately needed to begin tackling the biggest
issue facing the people we support – the chronic
shortage of good-quality, affordable housing.
Our new lettings agency will mean we can help
people experiencing homelessness directly into
a safe, settled homes, the essential foundation
they need to rebuild their lives.
We are delighted to have the support of Lloyds
Banking Group and its staff in our mission to end
homelessness. The money raised and expertise
shared through the partnership will also enable us
to continue our vital support for people experiencing
homelessness, helping more and more people to
leave homelessness behind for good.
Matt Downie
Chief Executive at Crisis
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 46
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Access to quality housing continued
Citra Living Since launch, we have provided over 3,000 customers with
To help boost the supply of high-quality homes in this cashback for approved energy improvement initiatives
market, the Group launched Citra Living in 2021, which aims through our Halifax Green Living Reward and Lloyds Bank Eco
to increase new housing supply and the availability of Home Reward. As part of our recent Making Homes Greener
sustainable, quality homes while supporting our regional initiative, we are calling on the UK government to deliver
regeneration ambitions. a clear, five-point plan to help make the UK’s homes more
energy efficient. Yet despite the progress we’ve already
Citra Living is working with leading housebuilders and made in supporting our customers to boost the energy
developers through strategic partnerships to accelerate efficiency of their homes, we know that now is not the
the delivery of housing, with Citra Living providing homes time for complacency.
for private rent.
Reducing carbon emissions and helping our customers
In 2023 Citra launched ‘Pathways’, which provides renters make their homes warmer and cheaper will require
the ability to buy their home through Shared Ownership, collective action and collaboration from policymakers,
and will be looking to expand this offer through 2024. Citra energy companies, house builders, landlords and banks
has also undertaken its first retrofit scheme as well as an to tackle the challenges ahead.
initial ‘zero bills’ pilot with Octopus Energy.
Retrofitting plays a key role in achieving the UK government’s
As well as ensuring continued support for the housebuilding net zero targets while also helping tenants improve their
sector, Citra aims to respond to the increase in demand for quality of life, as well as reducing their bills. This is especially
rental properties, provide renters with a route to home important when considering the needs of vulnerable
ownership, while also taking steps to decarbonise existing customers with low financial resilience – many of whom
homes. The properties will provide modern, good-quality are social housing tenants.
living to meet the demands of a growing market, and they
will be within easy reach of local transport, amenities and Since 2021 we have supported around £4.8 billion to
leisure facilities. accelerate sustainability ambition, including investment in
making the UK’s social housing stock more energy efficient.
However, more still needs to be done to both increase
Sustainability in housing
the supply of new social homes while urgently retrofitting
The UK has a commitment to achieve net zero by 2050.
existing stock to increase its thermal efficiency. This would
The decarbonisation of buildings, which currently contribute
not only help to reduce the UK’s carbon footprint, but could
17 per cent of the UK’s total carbon emissions, will be key
also bring about a better standard of living and improved
to achieving this1.
health outcomes for social housing tenants.
With the help of WPI Economic and Censuswide, we
Our role is to work closely with our clients to support them in
produced a report: Decarbonising the UK’s Homes:
striking the right balance between building new homes and
A Housing Stocktake, dealing specifically with UK housing
improving existing stock, to bring about the best outcomes
stock to provide a thorough look at the current state
for social housing tenants, and to Help Britain Prosper.
of decarbonisation across UK homes and residential
properties. The research identified the main barriers to
To help support a move towards sustainable buildings,
decarbonisation and, importantly, contained knowledge
our customers have free-of-charge access to our Green
gleaned from homeowners and landlords who have gone
Buildings Tool – a digital insights calculator that helps to
through the process already.
identify, evaluate and understand the estimated outcomes
of potential investments to make properties greener. Since
2019, 2 billion square feet of real estate has been assessed
using our Green Buildings Tool .
1 Estimated 2022 direct emissions as reported in the Climate Change
Committee’s June 2023 Progress Report.

Purpose in action
SDG 7.3: By 2030,
double the global
rate of improvement
in energy efficiency.
SDG 9.4: By 2030,
upgrade
infrastructure and
retrofit industries
to make them
sustainable, with
increased resourceuse efficiency and
greater adoption of
clean and
environmentalsound technologies
and industrial
processes, with
Supporting Pobl Group all countries taking
action in accordance
with their respective
capabilities.
SDG 11.1: By 2030
ensure access for all
to adequate, safe
and affordable
The largest housing association in As parts of its efforts, Pobl is housing and basic
services and
Wales, Pobl Group (‘Pobl’ is Welsh for undertaking the UK’s largest solar
upgrade slums.
‘people’), is developing 10,000 new energy retrofit scheme – equipping
sustainable homes across South hundreds of homes with solar panels,
Wales over the next 10 years. In 2023, battery storage and zero carbon
Lloyds Bank supported Pobl Group energy from renewable sources.
with a sustainability-linked loan of
£100 million. Pobl’s goal is to increase Across the UK, residential housing
the energy efficiency of 95 per cent of accounts for 16 per cent of carbon
the new homes developed over the emissions, which is why the
next four years with a target to have leadership of Housing Associations
an Energy Performance Certificate such as Pobl is so critical to the
(EPC) rating B or above, while Group’s net zero targets. They
delivering close to 1,000 homes are creating strong, sustainable
which meet EPC A standards. communities which will work for and
with residents long into the future.
The sustainability-linked loan from
Lloyds Bank incentivises Pobl Group
to meet its targets on energy ratings
for new homes, invest in retrofitting its
existing properties, and help to
achieve Pobl’s ambitions for 10,000
new green homes across South
Wales in a decade.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 47
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 48]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 48]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 48]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 48]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 48]
|
----------------------------------------

Access to quality housing continued
Sustainability reporting standards The updated version places even greater emphasis
on the sector priorities, and particularly resident issues,
for social housing
with specific questions aimed at improving transparency
In 2021 Lloyds Bank and Scottish Widows adopted the
around how adopters are dealing with the issues of damp
Sustainability Reporting Standards for Social Housing ‘SRS’,
and mould in the sector, along with questions around
with board representation on Sustainability for Housing Ltd
net zero targets and a greater focus on equality, diversity
which governs and oversees the SRS and its continued
and inclusion.
evolution. It is a voluntary reporting standard that has
seen increasing adoption by clients. It seeks to increase
transparency and reporting consistency to create Sustainability across real estate
common reporting standards, with the ultimate aim of and housing
driving increased investment and capital into the sector. In 2022 we supported the creation of national sustainability
standards for new build homes, as part of our role on the
Since the launch of the SRS in 2021, over 100 housing NextGeneration Executive Committee alongside Homes
associations have adopted the framework with nearly England and the UK Green Building Council. We contributed
70 additional funders, investors and endorsers; this includes to the development of two new sustainability standards –
housing providers overseeing over 2.2 million homes NextGeneration Project and NextGeneration Core –
across the UK and funders with more than £1 trillion of assets both being created to support small and mediumunder management. A second version of the standard sized housebuilders to assess their own sustainability
was launched at the end of 2023 placing a greater focus performance. These new standards help them begin
on sector priorities as well as helping the sector keep pace or accelerate their sustainability journeys by reducing
with relevant international frameworks, making it easier complexity and focusing on the areas that will make
for adopters to demonstrate their ESG credentials. the most difference.
To complement these new sustainability standards for UK
housebuilders, we have launched our own Housebuilding
The Sustainable Reporting Standard for Sustainability Finance Framework. This framework sets
Social Housing has grown from a great out how we will help housebuilders access green and
sustainable finance to build more sustainable homes. We
ESG partnership between the finance
believe that our framework was one of the first sector-based
and social housing sectors to influencing financing frameworks issued by a financial institution in the
communication, ambition and strategy UK and illustrates the real focus we have on this important
sector. Our ambition is that we work with housebuilders
across social housing. Lloyds have been
to help build modern homes to a high standard that are
key players on this journey. cheaper to live in and less damaging to the environment.
During 2023 we supported the delivery of £2.4 billion
They have provided critical sponsorship,
of sustainable or sustainability-linked finance to the
but more importantly they have housebuilder sector. We also sponsored of the inaugural
provided leadership, counsel (from Future Homes Conference held in November, which
announced the alignment between the Futures Homes
across the whole organisation not just
Hub and the NextGeneration Initiative to support the
Housing) and support. They have walked housebuilding sector to deliver and comply with the
the talk and believe that integrating the Future Homes Standard which is being established
by the government.
net zero journey is part of maximising
commercial success.
Brendan Sarsfield
Chair of Sustainability for Housing Ltd

Purpose in action
Supporting Stonewater
SDG 7.3: By 2030,
Double the global
rate of improvement
in energy efficiency.
SDG 9.4: By 2030,
Stonewater secured £200 million affordable homes that surpass upgrade
funding from the Group to support minimum planning regulations in infrastructure and
its continued development and relation to energy efficiency measures, retrofit industries
improvement programme. with a high percentage reaching SAP to make them
Stonewater owns and manages 86 and above. sustainable, with
increased resourcearound 36,000 homes for more than
use efficiency and
78,000 customers, predominantly “This is an important agreement
greater adoption
across central and the south of for Stonewater as it continues the of clean and
England. The social housing provider progress we are making towards environmentally
also took the opportunity to transition more affordable, lower-carbon sound technologies
to a sustainability-linked loan where homes for our customers. It is also a and industrial
it will be measured against three key clear demonstration of the financial processes, with all
performance indicators to benefit strength of our organisation, which countries taking
action in accordance
from savings on its funding. allows us to focus on existing
with their respective
customers, while delivering muchcapabilities.
It has committed to investing in needed affordable homes for others
retrofitting existing homes to exceed in society.”
the current minimum regulations. As
Anne Costain
part of the new agreement, Stonewater
Stonewater’s Chief Financial Officer
has also pledged to deliver new
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 48
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 49]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 49]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 49]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 49]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 49]
|
----------------------------------------

Access to quality housing continued Purpose in action
Industry partnerships Regeneration Br
and supporting skills
development
In 2021, we announced a threeyear headline partnership with
Regeneration Brainery, an awardwinning, non-profit academy
Real Estate Balance for school leavers from
In 2023, we announced a partnership with Real Estate Balance, 363 underrepresented backgrounds.
a campaigning organisation working to improve diversity and Regeneration Brainery is aimed
inclusion in the real estate industry with a target of 50 per cent at tackling the skills shortage by
representation of women on boards. Real Estate Balance young people from boosting diversity in the property,
works closely with industry leaders to support them in making under-represented construction and regeneration
cultural changes and identifying best practice, contribution backgrounds reached industries and combatting the lack
to the enhanced performance of the industry. through Regeneration of hands-on experience for young
people in the sector. The free
Brainery in 2023
Importance of just transition using Regeneration Brainery academy
offers interactive week-long
Onward Homes
workshops, bootcamps in schools
We recognise the importance of increasing digital access
and colleges, as well as practical
within our communities and supporting all of our customers
real-world work experience.
to access services online, so that they can benefit from
the opportunities that digital brings, as well as tackling
social isolation.
In 2023 we partnered with Onward, one of the largest See page 93 for details on the
registered providers of social housing based in the north-west Group’s approach to a Just
of England, with 35,000 homes, to deliver free in-person digital Transition
skills classes for residents living in their sheltered schemes in
Merseyside. The pilot programme has been rolled out to three
of the housing associations over-65s schemes to help close
the digital gap often encountered by older residents.
During the sessions, the Lloyds Bank Academy provided
expert-led training on internet basics, how to use tablet
devices, as well as digital apps and features such as social
media and video calling. Other practical tips included online
banking safety, sending emails, keeping in touch with friends
and family through video calls and social media, and being
cyber-secure. More than 30 residents signed up for the
course, each receiving a free tablet and, through Lloyds
Bank Academy’s partnership with Vodafone, free data for
six months.

rainery
SDG 8.5: By 2030,
achieve full and
productive
employment and
decent work for all
To date, Regeneration Brainery has show you that it doesn’t matter what women and men,
inspired over 6,000 young people and your background is or where you’re including for young
people and persons
grown their ambassador network to from, there’s a place for everyone
with disabilities, and
over 300, alongside over 500 industry in the industry. My advice would
equal pay for work
mentors. In 2023, with our support, be to grasp every opportunity of equal value.
Regeneration Brainery reached 363 associated with Regeneration
SDG 10.2: By 2030,
brainees via 14 braineries and Brainery with both hands and the
empower and
bootcamps across key regional cities, results will speak for themselves.” promote the social,
with further braineries planned economic and
across the UK in 2024. Regeneration Brainery secured political inclusion
work experience for Lewis across of all, irrespective
Michele Steel, Chief Executive the country. He attended UKREiiF with of age, sex, disability,
Regeneration Brainery, said: Regeneration Brainery and used his race, ethnicity, origin,
religion or economic
“Our partnership with Lloyds Bank networking skills to secure more work
or other status.
has enabled us to expand our reach experience with a project manager.
far beyond our initial expectations. He is now planning to complete the
The commitment and support from second year of his Diploma and work
all the team at Lloyds has helped with Regeneration Brainery to secure
shaped future career paths for a degree apprenticeship in
hundreds of young people, providing construction project management.
opportunities that they would not
normally have and changing Through our active contribution,
lives, literally.” Regeneration Brainery have gone
from strength to strength, winning
Lewis, now a graduate of the the Social Impact Award at the 2022
Regeneration Brainery Academy, ESG Estate Gazette Awards as well
had really struggled with what to do as ‘Social Impact Initiative of the Year‘
with his studies and future career. at the RESI Awards 2023 and Property
Following studying at a specialised Week Awards 2023, and have been
engineering academy and starting shortlisted for Social Mobility Initiative
a Construction and Built Environment of the Year at the British Diversity
Diploma course at college, Lewis was Awards 2024.
recommended to the Regeneration
Brainery Bootcamp in Stoke, where We will continue to work with them to
he learnt about a whole raft of roles provide young people from different
in property and regeneration. backgrounds with an introduction to
the property world, helping to inspire
Lewis said: ‘‘Regeneration Brainery the next generation of talent whilst
is honestly life-changing if you bridging the future skills and diversity
capitalise on the opportunities they challenges in the sector.
offer. They offer opportunities in areas
that need it the most and help to
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 49
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 50]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 50]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 50]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 50]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 50]
See page 93 f Group’s approach Transition | or details on the to a Just
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 50]
|
----------------------------------------

Access to quality housing continued
Home ownership
Supporting our mortgage customers
As the UK’s largest mortgage lender, we are supporting >£12bn
more and more of our customers to buy their first home.
We currently support one in five first-time buyers to get
of funding provided to
on the housing ladder and in 2023, we have provided over
£12 billion of funding to first-time buyers. first-time buyers in 2023
Through our family of brands, we offer savings tools and
provide a range of deposit-saving options. We provide a
range of mortgages for first-time buyer and home mover
mortgages. For those aspiring to own their own home
but struggling to find a deposit, intergenerational options
such as our ‘Lend a Hand’ mortgage from Lloyds Bank
allows a family member to put down 10 per cent of the
purchase price of a home into a three-year, fixed term
savings account.

Shared ownership
Shared ownership offers a potential pathway into home
ownership for those initially unable to access full ownership.
In our mortgage offer, we are enhancing eligibility for our
shared ownership proposition through a review of
affordability and eligibility parameters.
We are committed to helping more renters and first-time
buyers own their own home and have been convening
conversations across the housing industry to explore how
shared ownership, including expansion to older homes
and private schemes, can be made more accessible
to potential first-time buyers.
We have expanded our shared ownership support in 2023
through the launch of a partnership with Citra Pathways,
providing customers with an opportunity to rent, with an
option to move to shared ownership through a mortgage
with Halifax or Lloyds.
We also support a range of government-sponsored
affordable housing initiatives, including Right to Buy, and
the First Homes initiative, which aims to help young people
and key workers get on the housing ladder by being able
to purchase a home with at least a 30 per cent discount
to market value.
We have been supporting the Mortgage Guarantee
Scheme, since its launch in April 2021, which helps customers
with less than a 10 per cent deposit looking to borrow up
to £570,000.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 50
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting
regional
development and
communities
Our success is intrinsically
linked with the success of
the UK’s regions and nations.

We have a significant regional presence, 2023 highlights
supporting communities across the
country every day.
Launched our Liverpool
The Group has made a number of public commitments City Region Housing
to support our local communities, engaging them and
ensuring that they positively benefit from our societal Initiative
ambitions. We encourage colleagues to volunteer their
time and expertise to support our programmes, many
of which involve local charities and community
organisations as well as social enterprises. >£46m
in community investment
in 2023
£120m
donated to our Foundations
since 2018
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 51
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting
regional
development
The Group’s objective is to become a leading
partner in the regeneration of low-income
regions and communities, helping to address
regional inequality as part of our purpose
of Helping Britain Prosper.

Our regional impact
We are committed to supporting the UK’s Some examples of how we have supported the regions of
the UK in 2023 to be more sustainable and inclusive include:
regions and nations and we want to play
our part to address the considerable • The HGP (Housing Growth Partnership) announced the
disparity which exists between different launch of a £390 million joint venture with Thriving
parts of the UK. Investments, with the aim of delivering 1,200 sustainable
homes across regional city communities. Its first
The Group already has a significant regional presence investment is the initial phase of a highly sustainable
across the nations of the UK, whether this be lending to 400-home development Dundashill in Glasgow. The HGP
local businesses, funding critical infrastructure projects, is backed by the Group and Homes England, supporting
supporting the education sector or helping to build more housebuilders and developers to address the UK housing
homes, alongside our personal customer relationships shortage.
across all communities. However, we are directing • Power Roll Ltd has created and patented a lower cost
incremental resources to support the priorities of lower alternative to solar panels. The company is based in
income regions, stretching us to go even further in these County Durham and its innovative solar photovoltaic
places. Our aim is to stimulate increased investment, film uses proprietary micro-groove technology which is
working closely with business leaders and local and lighter and more flexible than traditional panels and can
regional government to help create thriving communities. be deployed on almost any surface. As a small business,
there was a limited capacity to employ financial experts,
We have identified three particular areas where the Group so we have supported them with treasury services and
is best placed to make a contribution: deposit accounts.
• Creating economic opportunity
• Regenerating housing and communities
• Capturing the benefits of net zero transition
High-growth clusters are key to boosting regional
productivity. Enabling similar sectors, such as the life
sciences, technology and advanced manufacturing, to
work together in close proximity can have many benefits
including sharing knowledge and innovating but also
attracting investment, which further boosts productivity.
Clusters often emerge around universities and science
parks and we are developing a detailed understanding
of where the UK’s clusters exist and in which sectors.
This will enable us to best direct our resources to invest
in and support these clusters so that they can maximise
their potential, delivering on our Group purpose of Helping
Britain Prosper.
Artist impression of Dundashill development, Glasgow
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 52
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting regional development and communities continued
• We are supporting Brockwell Energy with the
Spotlight on Liverpool
construction of North Kyle Wind, an onshore windfarm
in East Ayrshire. Our £60 million funding commitment
will see 49 wind turbines built on land previously used
for coal mining in southwest Scotland, supporting our
carbon reduction target for the power sector.
• Waxman Energy Ltd has grown its distribution capacity
for its range of solar and battery storage products due to
increasing demand. Our funding enabled the acquisition We have developed a close relationship with Following a research phase, we are working together to
of three additional warehouses in West Yorkshire to store stakeholders in the Liverpool City Region as unlock opportunities which include assessing regeneration
and supply more energy efficient products. sites with the potential for new homes and determining
we deepen our engagement in one place,
• We continue to support social housing providers across options for more enduring housing partnerships. We are
the UK, helping them to both build new sustainable enabling us to understand the challenges already seeing national interest in our innovative approach
homes as well as making their existing housing stock faced and how we can support the region to tackling the housing challenges in Liverpool, with the
more environmentally friendly. One example is Adra to fulfill its potential. intention that our proposals could be replicated in other
Housing Association in North Wales which received a cities across the UK’s regions and nations.
£40 million sustainability-linked loan, with loan pricing The city of Liverpool has a powerful global brand in sport
linked to meeting sustainability targets. and music, and its world-class research facilities, especially Liverpool’s Knowledge Quarter (KQ) has become one of the • Viscose Closures is a leading UK manufacturer of in health, life sciences and technology, have led to the UK’s leading innovation districts, with the state-of-the-art
tamper evident packaging that provides visible security creation of a high-growth cluster in the city. Spine building at its centre. Working closely with KQ, we are
to demonstrate that products have not been tampered helping Liverpool’s entrepreneurs and small businesses to
with. The firm employs 45 people in Swansea and is the During 2023 we launched our flagship Liverpool City Region navigate the early stages of their journey. We support KQ’s
world’s only producer of a tamper evident band that is Housing Initiative. The Initiative is being driven by the Group, Start-up initiative as well as offering drop-in sessions at the
biodegradable, compostable and completely plastic- Liverpool City Region Combined Authority, and key city Spine building, providing guidance on banking and finance,
free. Our funding has supported the purchase of 250 housing partners. It aims to deliver practical action to net zero transition, and skills and mentoring programmes,
solar panels and has also enabled the purchase of new address housing challenges. including our Start Up Scale Up initiative. This initiative was
machinery to improve productivity and reduce waste. launched during 2023 and was attended by 37 businesses,
• We’ve enabled Russell Homes to support the delivery of all looking for their springboard to growth via a tailored
103 new, affordable family homes in Wincham, Cheshire. 8-week programme, held in the Spine building. You can
There is a shortage of affordable homes in the area and read more about our productivity and skills programmes,
the development has received a silver rating from Next including Start Up Scale Up, on page 40.
Generation, backed by Lloyds, Homes England and the
UK Green Building Council where housing developments
exceed minimum sustainability standards.
• We have provided £75 million of liquidity funding to
We have developed a
support Newcastle University with its capital investment
We are working together
programme. The university is renowned for its research
close relationship with
quality, academic excellence and global impact and
to unlock opportunities
it enjoys a strong reputation in subject areas such as
stakeholders in the
computer science and engineering, enabling students
which include assessing
to acquire skills of growing importance for the future
workplace. Liverpool City Region.
regeneration sites
with the potential for
new homes.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 53
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting regional development
and communities continued
Purpose in action
Enabling better digital
connectivity
SDG 9.1: Develop
quality, reliable,
sustainable and
resilient
infrastructure,
including regional Gigaclear provides Gigaclear designs, builds and
and transborder operates ultrafast, pure fibre,
ultrafast broadband to
infrastructure, to broadband networks to underserved
support economic underserved communities rural communities and harder
development and to reach locations across the UK,
human well-being,
High-speed, reliable broadband providing high speed internet
with a focus on
drives growth and productivity access to both retail and business
affordable and
equitable access in the UK’s regions, widening job customers. Established in 2010,
for all. opportunities and encouraging Gigaclear is now the UK’s largest
people to stay in their local area. rural fibre-to-the-premises provider,
laying more than 12,000km of fibre
Digital connectivity is of growing cabling.
importance in our increasingly digital
world. It has the potential to allow Building on our existing funding to
high-productivity technology clusters Gigaclear, during 2023 we supported
to emerge, such as fintech and the UK Infrastructure Bank in
e-commerce. In addition, it supports providing a debt guarantee covering
a net zero transition, by enabling £240 million of bank commitments
workers to work from home if they to help Gigaclear achieve its aim of
choose, thus reducing travel-related doubling its network size to cover
emissions. nearly one million rural homes across
the UK by 2025.

Supporting the net zero transition
in the UK’s regions
Accelerating the transition to net zero is an We built on this in 2023 with a series of regional roundtable
events, sharing the outcomes and lessons from this work
important part of our Regional Development
with other local authorities, central government and key
ambition as we work alongside the UK’s
industry players as we help to identify and share replicable
regions to capture the benefits of transition, solutions to these key energy challenges.
including harnessing jobs and economic
As a direct result of this activity, we are partnering with
opportunities that come from a low carbon
Octopus, and working with Leeds City Council with the aim
economy. of testing whether a local, place-based vehicle to provide
retrofit services and access to finance can unlock increased
During 2022 we launched the Local Low Carbon Accelerator pace of delivery in retrofitting the UK’s housing stock.
where we worked alongside Octopus, National Grid, Shell
and the UK Infrastructure Bank. This identified opportunities
to accelerate regional net zero infrastructure which focused
on the retrofitting of homes in Leeds, zero emission bus
franchising in Liverpool and electric vehicle charging
infrastructure in the West Midlands, working with the local
authorities in these places.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 54
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our
communities
Sitting at the heart of communities across the
UK and Channel Islands, we play an active role
in helping them in a number of different ways
including: colleague volunteering; support
for community groups and organisations;
donations to our independent Foundations;
and fundraising for local charities.
Our investment into communities takes on many forms,
including direct cash donations, colleague time and fundraising.
Aligned to B4SI standards, we invested more than £46 million
into the community last year.
>£46m
in community investment
in 2023

Purpose in action
Group colleagues add further value
Our
to our Foundations’ grants through
volunteering and skills sharing.
SDG 16.2: End
Foundations
abuse, exploitation,
Our partnership goes much further than trafficking and all
traditional funding; we share skills, time and forms of violence
expertise with the Foundations, with hundreds against and torture
of colleagues getting involved. This deepens of children. Tackling social disadvantage in the
our colleagues’ sense of connection with their SDG 17.7: Encourage
communities that need it most
communities, enables them to develop a greater and promote
Our four independent charitable Foundations have been understanding of the needs, aspirations and effective public,
strengths of people facing complex issues, and public-private providing vital support to small charities across the UK
develops skills that they can bring back into their and civil society and Channel Islands for the last 38 years, helping tackle
partnerships, social disadvantage in the communities that need it most,
roles at the Bank.
building on the partnering with us in our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper.
experience and
Caroline Moorhouse, Product Manager, Homes resourcing strategies The Foundations provide an invaluable contribution to the
Demand Generation became a Treasurer/Trustee of partnerships.
third sector by working with hundreds of small and local for Leeds-based charity, Basis Yorkshire, in
charities in their area, providing core funding and other
summer 2023. They are one of the many charities
forms of support to help people overcome complex social
supported by the Lloyds Bank Foundation for
issues. The Foundations also share their insights, expertise
England and Wales. The charity aims to end
and best practice with the Group to help inform our
stigma, create safety and promote
customer and colleague products and propositions.
empowerment for women and young people.
It provides information and support for women
Last year, over 2,400 charities were supported through
working in the sex industry and offers intensive
a mix of grant-making and colleague matched giving
one-on-one support to young people involved
for their local fundraising and volunteering. In 2023, we
in or at medium to high risk of child sexual
donated £24.7 million to our Foundations. In the last five
exploitation. The Foundation has supported the
years, we have donated over £120 million.
charity since 2015 with grants totalling £216,864
and a package of organisational support.
“Upon hearing that Basis Yorkshire were looking
>2,400
for a Treasurer/Trustee, I jumped at the chance.
It’s been a fantastic experience getting to
know the team, learning about their impactful charities supported through
a mix of grant-making and
work and being able to add value to the charity
colleague matched giving
through my network and knowledge. The time
for their local fundraising
I give the charity not only helps them but I have and volunteering in 2023
benefitted significantly in my own journey from
this experience too.
Caroline Moorehouse
Product Manager, Homes Demand Generation
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 55
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 56]
|
----------------------------------------

Supporting our communities Purpose in action
continued
Skills-based volunteering When the Halifax Foundation for Northern Ireland wanted
to update their own website, Experience Design
By sharing existing skills
colleagues Steve Heron, Ed Mitchell and Steve Gladwin
and knowledge colleagues
stepped up with the perfect skills and expertise from
build greater confidence their day jobs, and the desire to give something back.
in their own expertise,
learning something new
and giving back at the
same time.
Mentoring and trusteeships Charlotte Atkins, Senior Business Support Manager in
Customer Channels, began as a mentor at Advocacy
Colleagues sometimes gain
Services North East Wales and is now a Trustee
a real affinity for a charity
they have worked with and “I have been surprised how my day job at Lloyds
we encourage them to Banking Group has provided so much support to
a small charity, I love spending time with the team
consider supporting on
at ASNEW and knowing I am giving something back
a longer-term basis.
to my local community makes the difference.”
Our Foundations fund Natasha Kowalewska, Lloyds Bank Capital Markets,
matched-giving Islands, braved an abseil and fundraised more than £500
for the Jersey Cheshire Home, which is the only residential
Colleagues can claim up to
facility on the Island caring solely for adults with disabilities.
£1,000 matched giving against
She claimed the matched £500 through Lloyds Bank
fundraising or volunteer time. Foundation for the Channel Islands.
Suzy Webb, Lloyds Bank Capital Markets, Islands volunteers
for Caring Cooks, a Jersey-based charity providing a weekly
Community Meal Service for Islanders who are experiencing
hardship. Suzy says, “As well as volunteering my time, the
Group’s Matched Giving Programme means Caring Cooks
have the added benefit of £10 per hour for my time, which will
really help towards the cost of the food they are providing.”

Realising the skills we can “CEOs and leaders in charities do amazing jobs
and that’s probably why I thought that I couldn’t do
offer
anything to help. But through monthly conversations
Angus Gray, Strategic I realised I can give a different perspective, a view
Workforce Planning, in our to consider, an ear to listen. I can help. I have learned
People and Places team, that I shouldn’t undervalue the experience and
opportunities that we have access to in the Group.
reflects on his experience as a
Through my network I can open up a huge range of
mentor for a charity supported
support and access for a charity and I can learn a lot
by the Bank of Scotland in return.”
Foundation.
A charity response forum Theresa Carruthers, Strategic Relationship Manager,
Intermediary Sales, Insurance, Pensions & Investments, is a 2,5 hour virtual
supported Wonderfully Made Woman, a Manchestercollaboration between
based charity that seeks to help women of all ages
a group of colleagues and backgrounds that have faced significant adversity
and the senior leader build confidence and thrive:
from a charity that our
“We had a great group of colleagues, each with a different
Foundations support,
perspective, so we were able to add value in different
helping the charity to ways. I was able to draw on current and past experience
explore solutions to current and bring forward ideas and suggestions. We all bounced
off one another and built on ideas, coming up with some
issues, shape ideas and
great actions for the charity to take forward. It felt so good
direction for the charity. to be able to help.”
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 56
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our communities continued
Colleague volunteering
As we continue to see growing interest
from colleagues eager to service local 90,000
communities, we have taken the opportunity
to closely align our primary volunteering hours of volunteering gifted by
themes to our Group’s purpose and strategic colleagues in 2023
partnerships to support our impact as
a Group on our key focus areas to Help
Britain Prosper.
In 2023, we have rebranded our volunteering programme
as ‘Time to Make a Difference’ – highlighting both that the
Group supports a minimum of eight hours a year within
work time to volunteer and that in the current economic
climate there really is no time better to get involved.
Throughout 2023, 6,273 colleagues gifted more than 90,000
hours of volunteering, including using a wide variety of their
skills across our Purpose aligned themes of sustainability,
charitable foundations, financial education and housing/
homelessness.

Charity partnerships
Woodland Trust Our partnership is supporting the agriculture sector to
Since January 2020, the Group has been working in decarbonise by offering preferential funding for more than
partnership with the Woodland Trust to plant 10 million 0.5ha of new woodland which brings down the cost of trees
trees in the UK by the end of the decade as part of our and hedges to farmers, and also supports communities
commitment to finance a greener future and support to plant trees locally with the Woodland Trust’s Free Trees
the transition to a low carbon economy. These trees are programme, planting 100,000 trees during 2023.
estimated to have the potential to absorb around 2.5 million
tonnes of carbon dioxide in their lifetime. Crisis and Simon Community
It is estimated that over 227,000 families and individuals
This partnership has planted 4 million native trees across the UK are facing homelessness. Through our
across the UK since 2020 – in our new ‘woods within woods’, partnership we are working with Crisis (and Simon
in partnership with the agriculture sector and communities. Community in Northern Ireland) to help them to provide
Around 1,100 colleagues have planted over 22,000 trees at the support that will help people to leave homelessness
65 tree planting events during 2023. behind for good.
Through our partnership, Crisis will launch Good Place
Lettings Agency, breaking down the barriers that people
face in accessing affordable housing. Our partnership
will also help people to rebuild their lives and become
financially secure through a Changing Lives grant
4m programme.
These grants will help people to make their house a home
native trees planted in partnership and support financial stability through support to access
with Woodlands Trust since 2020 further education, employment or for people to start their
own business.
Finally, through our work together we aim to support Crisis
>£1.3m to ‘Activate the Nation’ aiming to equip the UK with the
solutions to end and prevent homelessness.
fundraising raised by colleagues and Through colleague and customer fundraising, over
customers to support Crisis £1.3 million has been raised to support Crisis (and Simon
Community in Northern Ireland) with over 300 colleagues
also volunteering their time to support Crisis activities
across the UK.
22,000
trees planted by colleagues in 2023
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 57
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Diversity,
equity and
inclusion
As a Group, we strive to create
a fully inclusive environment for
all our colleagues, customers
and communities.

2023 highlights
40.1%
senior roles held by women
in 2023
1.7%
of senior roles held by Black
heritage colleagues
12%
by 2025
Our new goal to double the
Getting this right is at the heart of our
representation of colleagues
purpose to Help Britain Prosper and we with disabilities in senior
have made inclusion a group value to manager roles
be considered in all our activities.
In 2023, we have continued to take our work forward,
expanding our focus and have seen significant
recognitions for the work we are doing. As we now seek
to transform our business and reshape our ways of
working, systems and processes, we have an opportunity
to ensure we do so with diversity, equity and inclusion
always in mind. We remain committed to driving this
vital work forward and ensure we are a business that
reflects the society it serves.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 58
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Building
an inclusive
organisation
Inclusion is a core part of our Group values – we learn
about and embrace our differences, and seek out
diverse perspectives.

Supporting this, we were pleased to be
Inclusive
the first FTSE 100 company to set goals
to increase both gender and ethnic
Everyday
diversity at senior levels and we continue
to commit ourselves to stretching targets,
having also set a goal in 2023 to double
In our most recent colleague survey, 76 per the representation of senior colleagues
cent agreed that the Group is an inclusive
with disabilities, the first public commitment
place to work where diverse perspectives
of its kind to be launched by a UK bank.
are valued. But we also know from this
Integrating diversity, equity and inclusion into the way we run survey and through listening sessions that
our business has been core to our success to date. Beyond we have more work to do.
our Group-wide goals we also have individual business unit
level targets and delivery against these forms a core part Colleagues have told us that non-inclusive language
of the Group Executive Committee member’s individual and behaviour continue to exist in the Group, and that
scorecards and performance conversations. colleagues don’t always feel comfortable challenging
this, particularly from senior leaders and customers.
Our data led approach, which is grounded in key metrics
and insight gathered through colleague feedback, helps That’s why in September 2023, we launched Inclusive
us to identify opportunities to accelerate progress, by Everyday, our ongoing internal campaign to help colleagues
developing bespoke initiatives which help to address understand how they can be more inclusive in their
business unit or industry specific challenges. everyday behaviours, language and leadership and
support making our business a place we all love to work.
We have launched new colleague advisory panels for
Disability, Gender, LGBTQ+ and Life Stages alongside our The campaign brings to life our Group values and
existing Race and Ethnicity panels. They have been involved demonstrates how inclusion is central to creating the
in a variety of activities including reviewing campaigns, giving conditions for success and increased productivity, where
feedback on the latest TV advertising, and supporting system our people can grow with purpose. This is vital as we enter
design and new propositions, putting inclusion at the heart of the next phase of our journey to deliver the largest
everything we do. transformation ever in financial services.
We believe a more
diverse company is
a stronger and more
successful company.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 59
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Building an inclusive organisation continued
Our 2023 diversity, equity and inclusion per
We will continue to create a fully-inclusive Our 2023 diversity, equity and inclusion performance1
organisation that is representative of
modern-day Britain, where differences
are embraced and everyone can reach their Board members Men
potential, and we will use our experience to Gender1 Women
help communities to become more inclusive. GEC Men
Women
GEC and GEC direct reports Men
Women
Senior managers Men
Women
All colleagues Men
Women
Board members ethnicity 2
Ethnicity1 White British or other White
Asian Heritage background
Other Ethnic group
GEC ethnicity 3
White British or other White
Asian
Senior managers from a Minority Ethnic background
Senior managers from a Black Heritage background
All colleagues from a Minority Ethnic background
1 Data is collated and reported in compliance with the provisions of
section 414C(8)(c) Companies Act 2006 and Listing Rule 9.8.6R(10) and All colleagues who disclose that they have a disability
(11)
2 In the current year there is no reported data for the categories of Black/ Disability Colleagues in senior roles who disclose that they have
African/Caribbean/Black British, Mixed/Multiple ethnic groups including a disability
Arab and Not specified/prefer not to say.
3 In the current year there is no reported data for the categories of Mixed/ Colleagues who disclose their sexual orientation
Multiple Ethnic Groups, Black/African/Caribbean/Black British, Other
ethnic group including Arab and Not specified/prefer not to say. Sexual orientation Colleagues who disclose that they are LGBT+
NR Data point not publicly reported in that period, new disclosure in 2023.
√ Indicator is subject to Limited ISAE 3000 (revised) assurance by Deloitte and gender identity Colleagues who disclose their gender identity
LLP for the 2023 Annual Responsible Business Reporting. Deloitte’s 2023
assurance statement and the sustainability metrics basis of reporting
2023 are available online at our download centre .

Methodology and definitions:
rformance • Data is sourced from the HR system (Workday) containing all permanent
colleague details
• All data is representative as at 31 December 2023 and diversity
calculations are based on headcount, not full-time employee value
• All diversity information for ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation and
gender identity is based on voluntary self-declaration by colleagues
through our HR system. Our systems do not record diversity data
(excluding gender data) of colleagues who have not declared this
information and is for UK payroll only
• Ethnicity data excludes non-UK colleagues
• Gender data includes international, those on parental/maternity leave,
Number % % absent without leave and long-term sick and excludes contractors,
2023 2023 2022 Group non-executive directors, temporary and agency staff
6 54.5 54.5 • LGBT+ includes ‘Asexual/Ace Spectrum, Bisexual/Bi, Gay Man, Lesbian/Gay
5 45.5 45.5 Woman, Pansexual, Other Sexual Orientation and includes Transgender’
• The Group Executive Committee (GEC) assists the Group Chief Executive
8 53.3 53.3 in strategic, cross-business or Group-wide matters and inputs to Board.
7 46.7 46.7 GEC includes the Group Chief Executive and excludes colleagues who
report to a member or attendee of the GEC, including administrative
71 53.8 58.3 or executive support roles (personal assistant, executive assistant). GEC
61 46.2 41.7 and GEC direct reports includes the Group Chief Executive and colleagues
who report to a member or attendee of the GEC, including administrative
4,801 59.9 60.6 or executive support roles (personal assistant, executive assistant)
3,216 40.1√ 39.4 • Senior managers: Grades F, G and Executive (F being the lowest)
• A colleague is an individual who is paid via the Group’s payroll
29,957 43.7 42.7 and employed on a permanent or fixed-term contract (employed
38,550 56.3 57.3 for a limited period). Includes parental leavers and internationals
(UK includes Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey and Gibraltar). Excludes leavers,
Group non-executive directors, contractors, temps and agency staff
9 81.8 81.8
1 9.1 9.1
1 9.1 9.1
13 86.7 93.3
2 13.3 6.7
890 11.3√ 10.2
135 1.7√ 1.4
10,362 15.3 13.4
8,183 12.2 6.5
981 12.4 NR
49,085 72.9 68.6
2,431 3.6 NR
40,915 60.7 49.6
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 60
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 61]
Our 2023 diversity, equity and inclusion performance1 |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 61]
Board members | Men Women | | | | 6 | 54.5 | 54.5
----------------------------------------
| | | | | 5 | 45.5 | 45.5
| | | | | | |
GEC | Men Women | | | | 8 | 53.3 | 53.3
| | | | | 7 | 46.7 | 46.7
| | | | | | |
GEC and GEC direct reports | Men Women | | | | 71 | 53.8 | 58.3
| | | | | 61 | 46.2 | 41.7
| | | | | | |
Senior managers | Men Women | | | | 4,801 | 59.9 | 60.6
| | | | | 3,216 | 40.1√ | 39.4
| | | | | | |
All colleagues | | | | | 29,957 | 43.7 | 42.7
| | | | | 38,550 | 56.3 | 57.3

[Table 3 — Page 61]
Board members ethnicity 2 | | | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 61]
| 9 | 81.8 | 81.8
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 61]
| 1 | 9.1 | 9.1
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 61]
| 1 | 9.1 | 9.1
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 61]
GEC ethnicity 3 | | | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 61]
| 13 | 86.7 | 93.3
----------------------------------------

[Table 9 — Page 61]
| 2 | 13.3 | 6.7
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 61]
| 890 | 11.3√ | 10.2
----------------------------------------

[Table 11 — Page 61]
| 135 | 1.7√ | 1.4
----------------------------------------

[Table 12 — Page 61]
| 10,362 | 15.3 | 13.4
----------------------------------------

[Table 13 — Page 61]
| 8,183 | 12.2 | 6.5
----------------------------------------

[Table 14 — Page 61]
| 981 | 12.4 | NR
----------------------------------------

[Table 15 — Page 61]
| 49,085 | 72.9 | 68.6
----------------------------------------

[Table 16 — Page 61]
| 2,431 | 3.6 | NR
----------------------------------------

[Table 17 — Page 61]
| 40,915 | 60.7 | 49.6
----------------------------------------

Building an inclusive organisation continued
Gender diversity
We are committed to becoming a leader in Ensuring a gender-diverse recruitment
gender diversity and we’re working hard to strategy
have a leadership team that reflects the We have continued to drive progress around developing
our talented women and are committed to their progression
society we serve.
and recruitment through our existing activities and
networks. We use artificial intelligence to improve the tone
As we continue to work towards our aspiration to have and language of job adverts to create gender neutrality
50 per cent women in senior roles by 2025, our progress has and, for senior appointments, gender diversity is monitored.
been recognised externally. At the end of 2023, 40.1 per cent
of our senior roles were held by women, showing continued
Lloyds Banking Group Returners
year-on-year progress to improving our representation.
Our Returners programme, now in its eighth year, targets
professionals who have been on a career break for 18
During 2023, we were named in the Bloomberg Gendermonths or more. It enables Returners to resume their career
Equality Index for the fifth year in a row, the Times Top 50
in a role that matches their skills and experience.
Employers for Gender Equality for the 12th consecutive
year and won the Insead Balance in Business Award for
In 2023, we moved from recruiting in cohorts to a businessMost Impact.
as-usual model, which has allowed an uncapped number
of Returners to join when it suits them. To support hiring
Gender diversity in leadership
managers, we launched a Group-wide learning suite and
We continue to be proud co-sponsors of the FTSE Women reviewed and improved our processes to make everything
Leaders Review. In 2023, we achieved all of the FTSE Women as easy as possible for Returners.
Leaders’ recommendations two years ahead of the 2025
target date achieving at least 40 per cent women on the 90 per cent of Returners hired by the Group to date are
Board, at least 40 per cent women in executive leadership women and 60 per cent are Black Asian or Minority Ethnic,
roles and at least one woman in one of the four key roles supporting our goals to ensure our teams reflect the society
on the Board. We are aligned to the FCA listing rule 9.8.6 R(9). we serve.
More information on the gender diversity of our Board is
available on page 32 of our annual report and accounts Our Returners programme has been recognised externally,
2023 . winning the Most Successful Returners Strategy at the
Women in Banking and Finance Awards 2023 and being
named the Best DE&I initiative for Returners at the Business
Culture Awards 2023.
Gender Advisory Panel
Along with our other colleague advisory panels, our Gender
Advisory Panel launched in 2023 has provided us with
support in shaping plans, initiatives, reports and advertising
during the year, ensuring we are applying a genderinclusive lens across all activities.

Gender Pay Gap Report
We have continued to meet our
commitment to publish our
Gender Pay Gap report.
Supporting our colleagues
Continued progress has been made In 2023, our women’s network, Breakthrough, has continued
in closing the gender pay gap with the to support the development of our colleagues and to help
them achieve their career aspirations.
gap reducing by 2.6 per cent to 26.7
per cent (April 2022 to April 2023), the The network has run a series of virtual and face-to-face
largest improvement since we started events, including Girl Power Half Hour, a 12-week programme
to help with personal and career development, sessions
reporting. The full pay gap report is around working in tech, and joint events with our other
available on our download centre colleague networks, including senior role model events.
They have also provided sessions around health,
menopause and financial wellbeing.
Breakthrough now has a GEC Executive Ally who champions
the network and its goals.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 61
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Building an inclusive organisation continued
Ethnic diversity
In today’s multicultural society, we can We’re working towards our goals to increase representation
of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues to 13 per cent
only truly become the best bank for our
at senior management levels and to increase Black
customers if our workforce reflects the ethnic
representation in senior roles to at least 3 per cent by 2025.
diversity of the customers we support.
Our Race Action Plan, launched in 2020 to drive recruitment,
Our aim is to increase the ethnic diversity of our workforce progression and cultural change across the Group
and unlock the potential of our Black, Asian and Minority continues to build focus across the Bank. As part of this
Ethnic colleagues. We’re building a truly inclusive plan, we also work beyond our own internal boundaries
organisation where all colleagues can speak up, challenge by actively supporting Black heritage communities through
and act to take an active stance against racism and our partnerships with Foundervine and the Black
discrimination of any kind. Business Network.
During 2023, we have continued to see an increase in Black,
Asian and Minority Ethnic and Black Heritage representation
in senior roles. At the end of 2023, 11.3 per cent of senior
manager roles were held by Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic
11.3%
colleagues, and 1.7 per cent held by Black Heritage
colleagues.
of our senior manager
Board ethnicity
roles were held by Black,
We continue to exceed the Parker Review recommendation
Asian or Minority Ethnic
of having at least one Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic Board
colleagues in 2023
member. More information on our Board ethnicity can
be found on our annual report and accounts 2023
on page 32.
15.3%
Colleague engagement
We have continued to have valuable listening sessions
of our colleagues were from and engagement with our Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic
colleagues and with our Race Advisory Panel, who support
a Black, Asian and Minority
us to shape our initiatives, programmes and propositions,
Ethnic background in 2023
helping to ensure we deliver sustainable and impactful
solutions.
Our thriving Race, Ethnicity, Cultural and Faith colleague
networks, REACH and BOLD are also key in supporting us
and both networks now have GEC Executive Allies to support
in shaping the agenda.

Purpose in action
Race and ethnicity mental
health advocates
SDG 3.4: By 2030,
reduce by one-third
premature mortality
from noncommunicable
Nicola Bailey (she/her) diseases through prevention and
Head of Operations & Assurance
treatment and
I am mixed race of Caribbean
promote mental
heritage and growing up I faced into health and wella lot of adversity and issues, while being.
trying to navigate where I fitted best. I SDG 10.2: By 2030,
also watched as my mum and many empower and
around me suffered with depression promote the social,
– many people from a Black, Asian economic
and Minority Ethnic background live and political
with poor mental health for many inclusion of all,
irrespective
reasons, including racism. of age, sex, disability,
race, ethnicity, origin,
When I joined the Group, I became Jing Chang (she/her) religion or economic
a Mental Health Advocate (MHA) Senior Financial Risk Manager or other status.
straight away. I liked that they are Having been a MHA at Lloyds Banking
working hard to remove the stigma Group for a few years, becoming
surrounding mental health issues a Race and Ethnicity MHA was an
and I wanted to help. After additional obvious next step for me. As well as
training, I am proud to also be a Race supporting individuals, I run group
and Ethnicity MHA. I have been sessions to promote awareness and
mentoring younger colleagues allow safe space discussion and
on our Graduate and Apprentice have also supported our Race,
schemes supporting with everything Ethnicity And Cultural Heritage
from voicing issues to recognising the (REACH) colleague network in
signs of burnout. Supporting these a Group-wide session too.
colleagues is essential for us to
strengthen our cultural environment. Having experienced burnout myself,
being able to support others is so
important to me. The existence of
Race and Ethnicity MHAs has
encouraged many colleagues to ask
for help, who may otherwise have
remained silent. Since it’s launch,
more colleagues from a Black, Asian
or Minority Ethnic background have
asked for support around a variety
of topics, such as increasing stress,
unconscious bias and lack of
empathy and understanding. This
is an invaluable programme I look
forward to continuing to support.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 62
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 63]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 63]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 63]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 63]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 63]
|
----------------------------------------

Building an inclusive organisation continued
Our 2023 progress against our Race Race and ethnicity mental health advocates
• In 2023 we trained over 40 Race and Ethnicity Mental
Action Plan
Health Advocates to better support Black, Asian and
Minority Ethnic colleagues at moments that matter. Our
Race education programme advocates have been sharing their experiences to raise
• We launched our ‘Embracing and Valuing Each Other’ awareness and have supported our 2023 Mental Health
culture, faith and religion mandatory training Awareness events.
programme, replacing our previous cultural awareness
training.
Race Advisory Panel
• We continued to run our successful Line Manager Race • Our Race Advisory Panel continues to support us with
Education sessions, giving line managers the confidence
shaping of initiatives, programmes and propositions,
to tackle inappropriate behaviour and manage more
helping ensure we deliver sustainable and impactful
inclusively.
solutions.
• To broaden understanding and raise colleague
awareness of culture, faith and religion, we launched our
Partnerships and awards
Faith and Religion fact sheets, a cultural events and • We are a signatory to the Black Talent Charter and in
awareness days calendar and the Colleague Faith Works
2023 hosted a Careers & Development Event together
round table series.
and hosted their Black History Month Review.
Career progression
• We continue to invest in our Black heritage talent through
our bespoke Senior Leadership and Career Acceleration
programmes, with over 40 per cent promoted or having
made a lateral move to progress their career.
Recruitment
• In 2023, we welcomed another cohort of summer interns
who joined us from the 10,000 Black Interns programme,
10,000 Able Interns programme and Sutton Trust. We
increased our intake of Black Interns from 19 in 2022
to over 97 students in 2023.
• Continuing our support for young talent, we also
welcomed 70 T Level students on a nine-week paid work
Ethnicity pay gap report
placement, providing valuable work experience for them
and giving us access to continue to develop a diverse
talent pipeline, with 60 per cent of students from a Black,
We have continued to meet our
Asian or Minority Ethnic heritage background. Those who
enjoyed a successful placement will have the commitment to publish our ethnicity
opportunity to join us as a permanent apprentice when pay gap report. The full pay gap report
they complete their studies.
is available on our download centre
• We continue to work with ethnicity-focused recruitment
partners to help better reach Black, Asian and Minority
Ethnic talent.
• Our 2023 graduate programme delivered an increase in
the diversity of graduates, with 43 per cent being Black,
Asian or Minority Ethnic of which 7 per cent were
specifically from a Black heritage background.

• We are a signatory to the Business in the Community Community
Race at Work Charter, working together on our joint • Our Lloyds Bank Foundation for England and Wales
objective of equitable Black representation and dedicates at least 25 per cent of their core grants to
identifying ways to support, retain and progress Black charities led by and for communities experiencing race
talent. inequity.
• Our colleagues continue to be recognised: Abdur • ‘Coaches for Interns’ is a new initiative in partnership with
Rahman was included in the 2023 Empower role models LinkedIn and 10,000 Black Interns. We have trained over
list and Mahari Hay was recognised with the Financial 100 colleagues to support Black Interns who have not
Services, Insurance and Banking Award at the 2023 Black been able to secure a paid internship. They benefit from
Talent Awards. coaching on enhancing their professional image on
• At the 2023 Ethnicity Awards we were once again LinkedIn and gain other additional support to secure
listed as one of their Top 10 Employers. We have future employment.
achieved this every year since the launch of the
awards in 2018, and have been recognised as their Supporting colleagues and allies
overall Outstanding Employer three times. • Our Race, Ethnicity, Cultural and Faith Networks play an
essential role in supporting colleagues in their career
ambitions, running events year-round, including a full
and varied programme for Black History Month, and
continue to run an annual Role Model list. Our Race,
Ethnicity and Cultural Heritage (REACH) Network has
expanded to include a number of race/ethnicity groups
which include groups for Muslim, Sikh, Hindu, Jewish and
Christian colleagues, and new for 2023, a Network
supporting East and South East Asian colleagues.
• We spotlighted South Asian Heritage Month and East and
South East Asian Heritage Month in 2023, celebrating with
colleagues, customers and communities and working
with external partners to bring together communities
to network and celebrate.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 63
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Building an inclusive organisation continued
We continue to
encourage colleagues
to share their sexual
orientation and
gender identity with
us, and we have seen
an increase in 2023 of
colleagues choosing
to do so.
This is helping to
ensure we create
inclusive experiences
for our people.

Sexual orientation
and gender identity
We strive to continually improve our LGBTQ+ Advisory Panel
employment experience for our LGBTQ+ Our LGBTQ+ Advisory Panel was launched in 2023 to ensure
we are understanding and tackling the specific challenges
colleagues. Pride continues to be an all-year
faced by LGBTQ+ colleagues and customers. The panel
celebration of all sexual orientations and is made up of colleagues from a mix of grades and with
gender identities. a range of divisional experiences. The panel has met
collectively with our other advisory panels to drive
We run visibility and awareness events throughout the year, intersectional thinking with a focus on creating a more
such as the International Day Against Homophobia, inclusive place to work and a more inclusive society for all.
Transphobia and Biphobia, LGBTQ+ History Month, Trans
Visibility Day, Bi Visibility Day and Lesbian Visibility Day.
Partnerships
To support our LGBTQ+ colleagues and encourage allyship
Support for colleagues and allies among colleagues and communities we have continued
Our LGBTQ+ colleague network, Rainbow, plays a pivotal to partner with PinkNews. We were proud to be the headline
role in supporting our LGBTQ+ colleagues. In 2023, Rainbow sponsor of the 2023 PinkNews Awards, which aims
launched its fifth LGBTQ+ Ally Role Model list, which shines to highlight the work of campaigners, businesses,
a light on colleagues within the Group who’ve been organisations and individuals across the globe in
nominated for their positive impact on LGBTQ+ inclusion. advancing LGBTQ+ equality. We also supported a series
of webinars run by PinkNews covering LGBTQ+ as well
Following the successful launch of the LGBTQ+ Mental as neurodiversity, bisexuality and race.
Health Advocate programme in 2022, Rainbow has now
trained 150 Mental Health Advocates who offer tailored
Understanding our LGBTQ+ colleagues will
support for LGBTQ+ members and allies.
help us to improve support
To support further, in 2023, Rainbow launched a new tool To better understand the workforce diversity of the Group,
to help more colleagues make connections with advocates we continue to encourage colleagues to share their sexual
that best work for them, whether that be by location or by orientation and gender identity data with us, and we have
a specific experience or subject matter. seen an increase in 2023 of colleagues choosing to do so.
Rainbow runs numerous activities in support of key We’ve also run a series of listening sessions with some of our
awareness days, they hosted a Trans Men’s Health talk and Asexual, Bisexual and Pansexual colleagues, with our CEO
ran the Group’s first Linkedin Live session. Rainbow now has Charlie Nunn.
a GEC Executive Ally to advocate and support the network
and their goals. In 2023, following colleague feedback and consultation, we
launched a working group to understand more about the
Pride continues to be a focus with thousands of colleagues Queer, Intersex and Asexual communities and the support
taking part in face-to-face and virtual events nationwide. we could offer going forward.
One of the highlights was the CEO Event Series, which saw
a series of special guests being interviewed by executives
from across the business.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 64
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Building an inclusive organisation continued
Supporting disability
and neurodiversity
Our aim is to create an inclusive and We have received external recognition for the progress
we have made so far, as the Group continues to hold the
accessible working environment in which all
Business Disability Forum Gold Standard accreditation
colleagues have access to a psychologically
and Disability Confident status from the Department
safe environment, equal opportunities, and for Work and Pensions in 2023. The City Mental Health
where everyone is supported to reach their Alliance has accredited us with `Going Beyond the
Standards’ against their Thriving at Work Assessment.
full potential.
We are also a founding member of Neurodiversity in
Business, and a member of Valuable 500.
A key part of our bold ambition to be a leading UK business
for diversity, equity and inclusion is dialling up our focus
on disability, mental health, and neurodiversity. This is Understanding more about our colleagues
championed by the GEC and through our new GEC Executive In April 2023, we committed to doubling the number of
Ally for our disability colleague network, Access. colleagues with disabilities in senior management roles by
2025. It’s the first public goal of its kind to be set by a UK bank,
and an important step in becoming more inclusive.
Since launching our goal, we have seen a significant uplift in
colleagues sharing their disability data with us. We believe
the announcement of our goal has played a key role in this,
raising awareness and encouraging colleagues to share
their disability data with us.
At the time of setting our goal, 6 per cent of our senior
management colleagues had shared that they had a
disability, making our ambition to double representation feel
like the right first step. At the end of 2023, 12.4 per cent of our
senior management colleagues had shared their disability,
meaning that we have achieved our representation of senior
colleagues with disabilities goal earlier than anticipated.
We will continue to encourage our colleagues with disabilities
and neurodiverse conditions to share their data with us
across the course of 2024, helping us to build a true picture
of the diversity of colleagues within our organisation, whilst
continuing to strive for greater representation.
12.4%
Our Disability Colleague Advisory Panel
To support the creation of an inclusive culture, we have representation of people
worked closely with our new Disability Colleague Advisory with a disability in senior
Panel to influence and inform our ongoing diversity strategy management roles in 2023
and ensure we are making the right progress.

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 65
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Building an inclusive organisation continued
Building an inclusive culture and working We also have an established Neurodiversity Working Group,
with colleague-led squads working with business sponsors
environment We have begun to look
to understand the barriers neurodivergent colleagues face,
We take pride in being a leader in flexibility and offer a wide
and develop potential solutions.
array of flexible working options for different circumstances, at the socioeconomic
including from a health, wellbeing and disability
perspective. We also continue to make improvements Making our recruitment more accessible
diversity of our
to our colleague wellbeing services, including: Workplace and inclusive
Adjustments, Occupational Health, and the Employee We know that to be fully representative, our end-to-end
colleague base.
Assistance Programme. colleague experience needs to be fully inclusive and
supportive to people with disabilities, regardless of where
To support the inclusivity of our working environment we an individual is in their career.
have implemented a new set of baseline design standards
to support inclusivity of our offices for our colleagues with We embed inclusivity and accessibility into our recruitment
disabilities and have opened two more Changing Places process, such as offering the Disability Confident Scheme
facilities in our Bristol and Andover offices. – this guarantees an interview for those who share their
disability with us and meet the minimum requirements
Colleague training for the role.
The training of our colleagues remains vital in building our
inclusive culture. In addition to refreshing our Equality Act Additionally, this year we have refreshed our mandatory
training this year, we have also launched suicide prevention training for recruiters and hiring managers, alongside
e-learning for all colleagues with the ambition to equip providing new inclusive hiring resources and guidance
colleagues to take action if they’re concerned about in recruiting candidates with disabilities, long-term health
someone’s mental health. The importance of this is brought issues or neurodiverse conditions.
to life through the testimonials of five colleagues who share
Social
their lived experiences. In 2023, we welcomed our pilot internship cohort of the
10,000 Able Interns programme, providing eight weeks
As part of our support for the #WorkingWithCancer pledge, paid work experience to 10 students/recent graduates
mobility
we have worked with subject matter experts to upskill our with disabilities. The Group had the largest Able Intern
leaders, line managers and our people, so that they can cohort of any organisation partnered with the 10,000
better support others living with cancer and their care- Interns Foundation.
givers in the moments that matter.
In addition to the more traditional diversity
Supporting colleagues’ progress
Access In addition, we launched our new Career Pathway characteristics, we have begun to look at the
Access is our network for colleagues with disabilities, programme pilot for colleagues with disabilities, in socioeconomic diversity of our colleague
long-term health conditions or neurodiverse conditions. It’s partnership with APS Intelligence Leadership Consultancy. base and what we need to do to ensure that
open to all colleagues and looks to raise awareness, upskill This nine-month bespoke career development programme
opportunities for progression to senior roles
and support key populations, and reduce stigma. has been designed to provide colleagues with the tools,
resources and support to help grow and drive their careers are accessible to individuals from all
Members of Access receive regular communications, can forward and achieve their aspirations. This is in addition backgrounds.
get involved in awareness campaigns, and are given the to our continued commitment to Generation Valuable,
opportunity to attend a range of events: including listening as part of Valuable 500’s future leaders programme. Inclusion is core to our purpose and values and gives
sessions, lunch and learns, and the annual National Event. an important lens through which we view outcomes
for customers, communities and colleagues.
In 2023 Access launched its second Role Model list, which
shone a light on 100 colleagues across the Group for their In 2023, we asked colleagues via our colleague survey to
outstanding contribution in championing disability inclusion disclose their socioeconomic background for the second
with our colleagues, our customers, our clients, and our time, and saw a disclosure rate of 60 per cent. We know that
communities.

overall, we have a fairly diverse workforce compared to the
broader financial services sector but, in line with other firms,
diversity does decline with seniority.
We are still in the early stages of our work on improving
social mobility, but our approach to apprenticeships and
broader attraction specifically targets those from nonprofessional backgrounds. We are aware, and supportive
of the greater focus of our regulators on social mobility,
and we are actively involved with the financial services
Progress Together group, which is focused on improving
diversity at senior levels in the sector.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 66
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting
diverse
businesses,
supply chain
customers
and suppliers
Since 2021 we have been developing strategies
to support minority or disadvantaged business
owners as part of our focus on building an
inclusive future.

Inclusive business
Black entrepreneurs Our actions remain centred around the recommendations
We continue to build on the successes of our Black and calls to action from our research reports – ‘Black.
entrepreneurs programme we started in 2021, focusing on British. In Business & Proud’ .
long-standing grass-roots partnerships, extensive research
and deep Black business community engagement. Some of the highlights include:
In 2023, we engaged more than 5,000 Black entrepreneurs • We have partnered with Channel 4 to launch the ‘Black
with c.23,000 hours of support through the events and in Business’ initiative where five businesses are the
initiatives we played our part in, exceeding our 2022 beneficiaries of £100k worth of TV advertising each, their
performance. We also had over 12,000 visits to our own TV commercial and senior sponsorship from the
Black business hub , which acts as a central resource Group and Channel 4 in order to support their intention
that we signpost businesses to. to scale. The TV adverts will go live in Q1 2024. In addition,
grant funding, promotional opportunities and bespoke
consultancy have been offered to a cohort of five ‘Rising
Stars’ and a mass outreach programme to c.600+
applicants that opted in for further support to grow has
been initiated, whilst providing a series of masterclasses
to the 1,000+ businesses that applied.
• In partnership with Foundervine, we launched year two
of the Immerse programme, including: two accelerators
for early-stage and growth businesses with grant
funding distributed to the winners of the end of
programme demo day; community gatherings; access
to finance spotlight events; a podcast series; and retail
sector roundtables discussing the challenges and
opportunities to access retail sector supply chains.
• We have expanded support across the regions,
particularly in Birmingham, by engaging local
changemakers and ambassadors, and by supporting
grassroots organisations and events such as
Birmingham Black Business Show and BOB Expo in
Manchester.
• We sponsored or self-organised 19 events in the
Black business calendar, aligning to the diverse needs of
Black entrepreneurs in different stages of their lifecycle.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 67
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting diverse businesses, supply chain customers and suppliers continued Purpose in action
Women entrepreneurs Understanding and highlighting the issues iUVO Skincare
Building on our Investing in Women Code commitments, we Further information can be found in these reports: In 2023, Scottish Widows compiled two research reports
are investing in initiatives that support growth and scaling related to thematic research around retirement planning. Shani Gabbidon, founder of iUVO
businesses, regional ecosystem connections, societally Black, British, In Business & Proud Skincare, has participated in a SDG 8.3: Promote
important sectors, such as manufacturing, and enabling Scottish Widows Retirement Report number of events and developmentbetter access to finance, networks and resources. Women Entrepreneurs: The Northern Perspective Our 2023 Retirement Report has highlighted the importance programmes this year for Black oriented policies that
support productive
of auto-enrolment, holistic retirement, housing and state entrepreneurs, including one of
In September we announced a new partnership with Disability & Entrepreneurship pension awareness as policy recommendations to ensure the Foundervine Immerse activities, decent
job creation,
Female Founders Rise, a fast, a fast-growing community expectations of people’s need and living standards during accelerators, which supports entrepreneurship,
of over 2,500 female and non-binary founders based in the retirement are met. In particular, the report highlighted, that founders to gain the skills and creativity and
UK. They are an impact-led company focused on closing as a result of the cost-of-living crisis, the number cutting knowledge needed to scale their innovation, and
the gender gap by supporting women to build profitable back on essentials and long-term savings had risen. 75 per business. Launched following her encourage the
and financially sustainable businesses. They focus on Disabled entrepreneurs cent of people surveyed remain concerned about making mother’s battle with cancer, where formalisation and
supporting growth businesses with funding support, Following the public announcement of our disability ends meet due to the pressures of the cost of living. As such, they found natural products growth of micro-,
meet-ups, community, resources, business fundamentals representation goal, in April we launched the ‘Disability & addressing the cost-of-living crisis and reducing inflation is provided her with important small- and
and raising awareness of women who are running Entrepreneurship’ report in partnership with Small Business an immediate priority to safeguarding people’s wellbeing benefits, iUVO is on a mission to medium-sized
amazing businesses. We will further build out this Britain. The report highlights that 72 per cent of disabled the health of their financial future. provide handmade high-quality enterprises, including
partnership into 2024. f d o id u n n d o e t r g s e la t c a k n e y d s r u o p le p o m rt o w de h l e s n t o s t g a u rt id in e g t t h h e e m ir , b a u n s d in 5 e 6 s s p ; er cent vegan skincare to their customers. t fi h n r a o n u c g i h a l a s c e c r e vi s c s e t s o .
For more information, please see our Retirement
To support women in manufacturing, we held two financially or non-financially. Report 2023 . “ If I could think of a word to sum S em DG p 1 o 0 w .2 e : r B a y n 2 d 0 30,
r d o is u c n u d s t s a in b g le s th w e i t b h a i r n r fl ie u r e s n a t n ia d l w op o p m o e rt n u a n c it r ie o s s s to th s e u p in p d o u r s t t o ry u , r As a follow-up to the report, we hosted a roundtable in Scottish Widows Women and Retirement Report u th p e m su y p e p x o p r e t r f i r e o n m ce L l h o a y v d i s n g B a h n a k d t his p ec ro o m no o m te i c th e social,
core objectives of: encouraging more women and girls partnership with Small Business Britain at the House of Lords This year’s report delved deeper into some drivers of the year it wouldn’t exist in the Oxford and political
into the sector; helping scale women-led manufacturing in September that brought together leaders from across gender pensions gap such as income and employment, dictionary. Having access to inclusion of all,
businesses; providing more role models; and networking business, policy and society, to spark debate and action childcare and divorce. support and mentoring through irrespective
opportunities. We also joined forces with the Women in on disability and entrepreneurship. Be the Business support and of age, sex, disability,
Manufacturing Initiative, a network of industrial and The report highlighted a need for policies that address being part of a cohort of race, ethnicity, origin,
academic professionals with a shared interest in Supporting supplier diversity these underlying causes, that drive wider inequalities, which like-minded businesses within religion or economic
or other status
encouraging diversity and inclusion in the sector to support We have progressed our supplier diversity activity geared result in the gender gap. Overall, the Women and Retirement the Level Up Accelerator has been
the ‘Changing Perceptions: Women in Manufacturing towards ensuring that our supply chain matches our goal Report 2023 highlights the importance of financial literacy, exceptional. This year’s support
Initiative’ conference in October and the Advanced to further represent the society we serve. The intent is to as well as specific reforms needed to directly address the has been incredible for our
Engineering conference. provide insights into the diversity of our existing supplier gender gap and provided recommendations for both business and well appreciated,
base and proactively ensure equal opportunity is provided the government and employers. we look forward to continuing
to diverse suppliers. to build our relationship with
For more information, please see our 2023 report here our bank.”
We have Our efforts to achieve this to date involve the establishment Women and Retirement Report 2023 .
of partnerships with key supplier diversity advocacy
organisations, proactive identification of diverse-owned
announced a
businesses with a view of introducing them into our supply
chain, hosting a Supplier Diversity Academy, and the
new partnership
creation of a database which will allow us to better monitor
and track our spend with diverse-owned businesses.
with Female
Founders Rise.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 68
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 69]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 69]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 69]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 69]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 69]
|
----------------------------------------

Supporting diverse businesses, supply chain customers and suppliers continued
Supporting our customers
with disabilities
We want all of our customers to have an We have received a number of accreditations and awards
this year to recognise our support for customers with
excellent service experience and to be able
disabilities. This year the Money and Mental Health Policy
to access our services in a way that is right
Institute charity has awarded Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank
for them, wherever they are. of Scotland an ‘Advanced’ rating through its ‘Mental Health
Accessible’ programme for banks and essential services.
In respect of our digital offering, this year we have launched We’re the first businesses in the UK to achieve this rating.
the Recite Me tool on our Halifax website, giving customers We have received the National Autistic Society’s prestigious
a range of tools to help access the website, supporting our Autism Friendly Award, marking our commitment to become
neurodiverse customers and those with visual impairments. the UK’s first autism-friendly bank.
We were also the first bank to offer Signly, a pioneering
British Sign Language (BSL) translation application on
our Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland customer
websites, to support our Deaf customers.
Our Digital Helpline is accessible and provides BSL
translation and speech to text services for customers who Our branches are
are deaf or have hearing loss. For more information please
see page 43. designed to be as
Ensuring colleagues build the skills they need to make all inclusive as possible
our services accessible to everyone is crucial. In 2023, we
launched our the Inclusive Design and Delivery toolkits, for all our customers.
a series of practical resources to help our teams adopt
inclusive approaches through the planning and delivery
process. We ensure our teams have the tools to build and
test their content and systems and baking accessibility
standards into the methods we use to deliver change.
We also work with not-for-profit organisation Digital
Accessibility Centre (DAC) to check that our websites and
apps are accessible for all customers, in particular those
with physical disabilities.
Our branches are not only designed to be as inclusive as
possible for all our customers, but we were the first Bank
to launch the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Scheme across
all our Halifax and Bank of Scotland and branches. As some
disabilities are not immediately visible, the lanyards are
used to discreetly indicate that the wearer may need a little
more support and prompt a conversation.

Purpose in action
U=U
Inclusive Insurance Cover
SDG 3.8: Achieve
universal health
coverage, including
financial risk
protection, access
We are changing our core insurance In addition to supporting impacted to quality essential
cover offering to include ‘HIV individuals, this change sends health-care services
and access to safe,
Undetectable’ customers and a strong signal around our
effective, quality and
colleagues. As such, ‘U=U’ colleagues commitment to breaking the stigma
affordable essential
and customers who are HIV and myths surrounding HIV by
medicines and
Undetectable (c.105,000 people in signalling people can access vaccines for all.
the UK) will be able to have access protection when it is needed.
SDG 10.2: By 2030,
to Travel and Life Insurance cover empower and
through Lloyds Banking Group. This health and wellbeing promote the social,
consideration for colleagues economic
and customers living with HIV was and political
launched in October 2023 at the Pink inclusion of all,
News Awards and was linked to our irrespective
of age, sex, disability,
campaigns in support of World AIDS
race, ethnicity, origin,
Day on the 1st of December 2023.
religion or economic
or other status.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 69
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 70]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 70]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 70]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 70]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 70]
|
----------------------------------------

Supporting
our colleagues
We know the success of our business is dependent
on our colleagues and we aim to look for ways to
help them feel more supported, in control and
confident about their future.

Our people make all the difference. We are Launched our new
committed to creating a work environment
‘Flexibility Works’
that encourages and values the unique
differences our people bring with them
colleague proposition.
to work every day, and where everyone
can reach their full potential.
We want to make sure that every 2,500
colleague is motivated, feels supported
trained colleagues as
and is excited by the role they can play
mental health advocates
in Helping Britain Prosper.
Launched a new safety,
health and wellbeing
colleague hub.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 70
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Grow with
purpose
Lloyds Banking Group is committed to Helping
Britain Prosper by identifying profitable solutions
to building a more inclusive and sustainable future
for people and businesses in the UK.
We believe that focusing on our purpose and
doing right by our customers, colleagues and
communities will help us identify new areas
of growth, build a more resilient and profitable
business, and deliver higher, more sustainable
returns for shareholders.

Our colleagues are key in delivering Our leaders play a crucial role in the cultural change.
In 2023, we completed a senior leadership development
the Group’s ambitious transformation
programme centred around the organisational shifts
and growth strategy, which also sets out we need to make in order to prow with purpose. All 340
a plan to be a purpose-driven business, senior leaders were brought together in smaller groups
allowing a different and more intimate format, and
and we recognise our culture is a
over three days were immersed in our purpose, strategy
fundamental enabler of that. and behaviours we needed to role-model, setting clear
expectations of our senior leadership population. This was
reiterated at a senior leadership offsite later in the year
The Group’s purpose of Helping Britain Prosper is as
where all leaders came together to explore the progress
important as ever, and in order for us to grow our business
we are making, new ways of working and technologies we
in a way that delivers good outcomes for customers,
are introducing across the business, and the change we
communities and colleagues, we need to put our purpose
need to drive as a Group.
at the front and centre of every decision we make.
In driving the change, leaders are supported by a
Throughout the year, we have been further embedding our
movement of over 6,300 colleagues as ‘Catalysts’ across
purpose and values across the organisation and helping
the business. Representing more than 10 per cent of our
colleagues understand how our values guide not only the
colleague population, these changemakers role model our
way we work together, but also how we make decisions.
values and purpose, share stories and drive improvements
by challenging the status quo and unblocking issues that
get in the way of how we work. Our Catalysts inspire
everyone across the Group to help us become a truly
purpose-driven organisation.
top leaders brought together
to lead our organisational shift
>6,300
colleagues trained as
‘Catalysts’ across the business
Best overall Business
Culture Award 2023
The Group was the overall winner
at the Business Culture Awards
in 2023
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 71
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Colleague engagement Our approach to
We want people to love working here. With allowed our leaders to share their views on how we are ‘Flexibility Works’ is an important part of our
more than 66,0001 colleagues working progressing as they lead the Group through a significant transformation as we strive to create a place
period of change and one that gained colleagues’ views on
across the Group, we welcome their views where people love to work and feel supported
our new flexible working arrangements. We also introduced
and opinions on a range of topics to help new ways of listening to our colleagues by including internal in the moments that matter, while ensuring
them grow, and us to grow as a business. social media comments. we are set up in the right way to meet the
needs of our customers.
In 2023, we broadened how we listen to our colleagues to We ran surveys in eight months last year, which enabled
provide a more regular and complete picture of sentiment. us to track our employee net promoter score (eNPS) more
This included further embedding regular pulse surveys, regularly than ever before. Our regular pulse surveys
providing us with more regular, timely feedback, as well enabled us to delve into relevant and timely topics,
as conducting two additional one-off surveys, one which including processes and bureaucracy, and change.
Our annual autumn survey was completed by 81 per cent
of colleagues in the Group and gave us a complete view
on our progress with our purpose, strategy and culture.
Despite engagement declining by 12 points compared to
2022 due to changes to our flexible working arrangements,
our in-year advocacy measure (employee net promoter
score) is moving in a positive direction. Our line managers
continue to be well-regarded, with levels of trust and
respect remaining high.
During the year the Group communicated directly with
colleagues detailing Group performance, changes in the
economic and regulatory environment, and updates on key
strategic initiatives. Meetings were held throughout the year
between the Group and our recognised unions. Stakeholder
engagement takes place at all levels within the Group and
is an important part of how we are delivering on our
purpose of Helping Britain Prosper.
The Board continues to engage both directly and indirectly
with its stakeholders. This engagement helps to provide a
better understanding of our colleagues points of view, and
the impact the Group has on their day-to-day lives. Please
see our annual report and accounts 2023 on page 82,
for further examples of how the Board engages with the
Group’s workforce and why the Board considers those
arrangements to be effective.
1 Based on average headcount figures for 2023. Headcount figure
equivalent to over 62,500 FTE colleagues.

o flexible working
Flexibility Works offers a broad range of options which
balance the needs of colleagues and the business
transformation underway.
It brings together different aspects of flexibility and
supportive working arrangements, helping our colleagues
and managers balance personal and team needs,
providing even more flexibility when they need it the most.
Flexibility for everyone – All colleagues have access to
a range of different flexibility offerings, dependant on their
role. Including everyday flexibility, flexible bank holidays
and access to compressed working for moments that
matter. 14,600 colleagues work reduced hours and over
40,000 have access to hybrid working.
Flexibility for families – Families come in all shapes and
sizes and Flexibility Works provides support whatever your
situation. 70 hours paid leave for foster carers, six weeks
flexible paid paternity leave, improved maternity and
adoption leave, access to shared parental leave, as well
as providing additional support for parents whose baby
arrived early or are undergoing fertility treatment.
Over 3,000 colleagues made use of family leave in 2023.
Since September, over 10 per cent of parents returning from
family leave have started using our compressed working
for new parents, available until their child’s second birthday
or two years after placement.
Flexibility for heath and carers – For our colleagues who
need ongoing support either for themselves or as a carer
to a family member we provide additional flexibility.
Flexibility for growth – People need different flexibility at
different stages of their life, so we are increasing the options
available for colleagues in the later stages of their career
and colleagues can also take unpaid sabbaticals and
career breaks.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 72
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Freedom of association
and collective bargaining
We support our colleagues’ rights to exercise
freedom of association and have extensive
consultation and collective bargaining
processes in place.
We have a recognition agreement with two trade unions
who collectively consult and negotiate on behalf of our UK
workforce, who represent around 98 per cent of colleagues
worldwide, and have engagement with the CEO and Group
executives.

Group Pensions
Trustees integrate
ESG considerations
into its investment
strategy for
Pension colleagues in the
defined contribution
schemes
schemes to opt into.
The Group has 98 per cent of our employees
participating in the in-house pension
schemes.
Lloyds Banking Group Pensions Trustees Limited, which
is responsible for managing the largest Group pension 98%
schemes, also shares the commitment to reduce carbon
emissions by at least 50 per cent of its c.£39 billion
investments by 2030, and net zero by 2050. of our employees
participating in the inAs part of this, and in response to member feedback, house pension schemes
Lloyds Banking Group Pensions Trustees Limited integrated
sustainability considerations into its investment strategy,
allowing our colleagues in the defined contribution
schemes to opt to participate in an ESG-aligned
pension investment.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 73
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Performance management Colleague remuneration
‘Your Best’
We believe our people want to do their best to this and create focused performance goals and The Group was one of the first large UK
development goals and ensure they have the relevant
for our customers and each other, every day. companies to make a £1,000 payment
skills, both now and for the future.
Under ‘Your Best’ our colleagues own their (pro-rated by worked hours) to all
performance and our managers coach On a day-to-day basis, colleagues are supported to be their colleagues in August 2022 to help with
and support them to achieve it. best by in-the-moment feedback and coaching from their living costs.
managers. This is a two-way dialogue as we encourage
Your Best is a framework that builds on our Group’s managers to ask regularly for feedback on how they are Since our original payment in August 2022, we have
strategy, purpose, and values. It helps us achieve our key leading their teams. continued to support our more junior colleagues with
aims of making the Group a place that people love to work, a further £1,000 pro-rated across two payments (£500 prodo amazing things for our customers and communities, Our human-centred approach means we no longer rely rated in each of December 2022 and 2023).
and shape finance as a force for good. on admin-heavy processes involving ratings or annualised
reviews and it helps our colleagues and managers to In addition, we worked closely with our recognised unions
The process starts with goal setting, where leaders and build trust and psychological safety, which we see in our Accord and Unite to rapidly agree the 2023 pay deal
managers help colleagues connect with the Group’s continued high levels of our managers’ net promoter scores. effective from April 2023. The deal brought certainty
strategy. Colleagues understand how their work aligns and support to those that needed it most and helped
put pay in our people’s pockets faster.
The 2023 deal provided pay increases of between 8 per cent
and 13 per cent for around 43,000 colleagues, although the
overall increase to the pay bill was materially lower at 6.3 per
cent, as spend was directed to our lowest paid colleagues.
Looking forward, the group successfully reached a further
agreement with our recognised unions with a sector leading Our 2023 pay deal
two-year pay deal (effective from April 2024 through April
2025) creating certainty for our more junior colleagues who brought certainty
will receive a minimum pay award of £1,500 pro-rata each
year and a new minimum starting salary of £25,000 in 2025 and support to
– some 25 per cent higher than our minimum pay at the
start of 2023. those that needed
To encourage ownership, colleagues are eligible to it most and helped
participate in HMRC-approved share plans.
put pay in our
We also continued to promote our Healthy Finances Hub
and Employee Assistance Programme to enable colleagues
people’s pockets
to support themselves at key personal moments.
faster.
Further information is provided in our annual report and
accounts 2023 .
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 74
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Health and
wellbeing
The health and wellbeing of our colleagues
remains a key priority for the Group. We use a
data-led approach to understand the health
needs of our people and emerging issues
and trends in the external environment.
The data we gain is used to build a wellbeing
strategy that meets the needs our of
colleagues, as well as the business.
We offer a range of support for colleagues. Our approach
continues to deliver support in our four pillars, and in 2022
we refreshed our Healthy Finances Hub to support our
colleagues with the increased costs of living.
In 2023 we launched a brand-new Safety, Health and
Wellbeing Hub, which will make it easier for colleagues
to access the right support during their time of need.
At present there are around 85,000 visits made on average
each month by our colleagues.
Wellbeing remains a key theme in our internal
communications, helping colleagues to feel supported
through the wide range of focused wellbeing support
on offer, which has assisted colleagues to feel empowered
to make healthy choices.
85,000
visits made to our Safety,
Health and Wellbeing Hub
monthly

Menopause support
Approximately 30 per cent of our workforce is made up of
women aged over 40, which means many of our colleagues
could be experiencing symptoms of perimenopause or
menopause. We want to ensure all our people are healthy
at work and reach their full potential. Since launching our
proposition, we have experienced a major cultural shift as
we continue to challenge the stigma around menopause
and support all our colleagues to be menopause aware
and informed. We became independently menopausefriendly accredited in 2022 and are proud of this
achievement. We are committed to providing menopause
support to anyone who needs it.
Our proposition continues to focus on the following areas:
• Raising awareness of the menopause and empowering
colleagues to support themselves and those around
Four pillars of them through provision of colleague learning resources,
line manager training, ongoing digital and face-to-face
our wellbeing Healthy bodies Healthy finances live events, and a thriving peer-to-peer support
• Bupa private medical cover • Money Chats service, healthy community.
programmes: • Office equipment support finances hub and Helping • Improving day-to-day experiences at work by
• Menopause proposition Hands appointments embedding the guidance found in our ‘Menopause
• Workplace adjustment services • Tools and resources to improve Promise’, provision of appropriate workplace kit and
• Occupational health services financial education guidance around working arrangements, and reviewing
• Affected by Cancer support • EAP – debt and financial existing provisions such as our uniform offering.
wellbeing support • Providing medical support through our Bupa private
• Ongoing review and provision medical benefit and trialling provision of wider
of support through financial menopause wellbeing support through a menopause
wellbeing/resilience colleague wellbeing app.
campaigns
The proposition is not just aimed at those going through
Healthy minds menopause, but also those who play a role in supporting
• Mental health advocates someone through it at work and/or in their personal lives.
• Headspace We know there is still more to do, and we aim to continue
• Employee Assistance Programme to push the boundaries and encourage colleagues to
(EAP) improve their understanding and engage in meaningful
Healthy relationships
• Occupational health services • Domestic and economic abuse conversations both at work and with their friends and family.
• Internal mental health awareness
support
activities • Employee Assistance
Programme – your coaching
and support
• Support for Carers
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 75
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Providing support to colleagues
We have a suite of advanced guidance taking colleagues
on a journey to remove any judgement, reflect on the nature
Financial wellbeing support Bupa Domestic and economic abuse support of healthy relationships, and consider their reaction to
As an organisation, we have been conscious of the impact All colleagues are offered private medical cover provided by We believe employers have a very real role to play in disclosure of abuse. Professional support to specialist
that the increased cost of living has continued to have on Bupa as a core employee benefit, which gives access to supporting individuals who have experienced, and survived, charities and support organisations is signposted, including
our colleagues. In 2022, we launched a Money Chats service good-quality medical care, including accommodation, domestic and economic abuse. By raising awareness, the Bright Sky app.
to allow colleagues to have a free and confidential nursing care and specialist advice. Cover is also available acknowledging and responding to the issue, work can be
conversation with an internal financial wellbeing expert for family members by purchasing additional benefits a safe space. We have specific guidance for line managers on how to
offering support to colleagues to maximise their full reward through our benefits programme, Flex. support colleagues experiencing domestic and economic
package. This support helps our people to understand their We recognise we are not experts on this issue, so we work abuse. This guidance aims to increase awareness and
pensions, access information and guidance on budgeting with specialist charities including Surviving Economic Abuse understanding of the nature and impact of abuse, and
and money management, and provides proactive and Tender, as well as Employers’ Initiative on Domestic to help them support colleagues in the workplace and to
signposting to support services where more intensive help is Abuse (EIDA) to help us develop our strategy, support tools signpost them to access additional help from appropriate
needed. Support for parents and carers and resources for colleagues. In 2023, our Foundations third parties.
We recognise the importance of family life and provide a supported 82 domestic abuse charities, giving them over
In 2023 we tested new ways to support our colleagues with range of additional support to colleagues with parental and £5.4 million over the lifetime of their grants. The insight We also share regular communications to raise awareness,
rich, transaction-based, financial wellbeing support through caring responsibilities to manage the impact that this can and support from these charities helps us fully understand as well as hosting webinars with specialist charities to
Helping Hands appointments. have on their work and personal life. the challenges that individuals face, to ensure we can provide the opportunity for colleagues to ask questions
continually improve our support offering for colleagues. on this topic and find out more about the support available.
In addition, to provide further support for our colleagues, the Providing care might mean that colleagues require time In 2023, supported by Employers’ Initiative on Domestic
Group’s dedicated health and wellbeing hub has away from work to do this or some flexibility so that they can Abuse (EIDA), Tender, Galop and Crisis we hosted a series
significantly improved its financial wellbeing support, combine providing care with their work responsibilities. of Group-wide webinars focusing on topics such as young
people and domestic abuse, domestic abuse through a
consolidating all available financial wellbeing support
LGBTQ+ lens and the intersection between domestic abuse
internally and recommended external support provisions. Support for new parents
This content emphasises removing the stigma around In 2021, we launched a ‘Maternity Colleague Journey’ on our and homelessness. We also supported the 16 Days of Action
talking about money and provides opportunities to HR system which brings together all the required information Against Domestic Abuse campaign.
understand exactly how the Group can support our people. for colleagues in one place. We also created Maternity and
Adoption Pay Calculators allowing colleagues to view their Group emergency assistance
projected income whilst on leave. We are now in the process Our established Emergency Assistance Programme for
of introducing a Shared Parental Pay Calculator. colleagues (and their children) covers the cost of one-toone support and emergency accommodation for 14 nights.
During an emergency stay, the colleague can receive
Shared Parental Leave & Pay – UK Colleagues
additional support to help them with their next steps.
Shared Parental leave enables colleagues to share leave
We also offer to change their work mobile number to
with their partner in the first year of the child’s birth or
help prevent the perpetrator contacting them.
placement for adoption. Partners also have the ability to
access up to a total of 26 weeks of paid leave and
For more information about how we support our customers
premature birth paid leave is available to both parents for
who are experiencing domestic and economic abuse
preterm babies born (weeks 24-37) in addition to their full
maternity/paternity paid leave. please see page 38.
Foster care leave
Colleagues who provide foster care for children can access
up to 70 hours paid leave each year to help with ongoing
training, appointments and settling in.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 76
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Mental Health Alliance (CCLA) accredited the Group as
‘Excelling’ against their Thriving at Work Assessment.
In 2022, to better represent the diverse needs of our
colleagues, we created two sub-networks to level up our
Colleague mental health
support for LGBTQ+ and Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic
It has been a challenging year for our colleagues, and
colleagues.
we continue to focus on mental health as a key component
of our health and wellbeing strategy.
LGBTQ+ Mental Health Advocates
Following the successful launch of the LGBTQ+ aligned
We continue to build a culture where mental health
Mental Health Advocate programme, in 2022 Rainbow
stigma is consistently challenged and reduced. We listen
launched their Mental Health Hub offering tailored support
to colleagues, test and learn, and remain agile to further
for LGBTQ+ members and allies. They have worked closely
hone our approach, ensuring all colleagues feel supported
with MindOut who have delivered seven mental health
to be their best at work.
training sessions so far and currently have 93 trained
Rainbow Mental Health Advocates available to support
Mental Health Advocates
colleagues.
Our mental health advocates programme continued for
its fourth year, and we now have around 2,500 trained While our fundraising partnership with Mental Health UK
Race and Ethnicity Mental Health Advocates
colleagues. These advocates proactively raise awareness came to an end in December 2022, we continue to work
We collaborated with the City Mental Health Alliance on the
of mental health. The mental health advocates network was mental health and race at work report, which seeks to build Colleague health and safety closely with Mental Health UK to ensure that our policies and
highly commended in the category of ‘Best Mental Health the business community’s understanding of the challenges Ensuring a safe working environment is key to the operation practices continue to support colleague mental wellbeing. Network’ at the This Can Happen Awards in 2022. Our faced by Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic employees at work, of the Group as we are an organisation dependent on our
commitment to the mental health of our colleagues has and how this impacts their mental health. The Group has people. Our Health and Safety Policy issued by our CEO Crisis
also been recognised by a several external bodies. The City had tremendous success through its training and offering demonstrates the commitment of the Group to providing In 2023 we delivered a joint campaign for World Mental
of colleague mental health advocates. By leveraging the a safe working environment. Health and World Homeless day to raise awareness of the
mental health impact of being homeless. The campaign
mental health and race at work report, we have recruited
and trained 42 race and ethnicity mental health advocates In 2023 our focus was on embedding our 11 health and was linked to our charity partnership with Crisis and also
to support our Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues safety standards, whilst developing the assurance regime to this year’s World Mental Health Day theme: Mental Health
to discuss mental health-related issues and get support that supports the health and safety framework. is a Universal human right. We delivered educational and fundraising-linked activities internally and externally shared
directly from colleagues that have lived similar experiences.
We are continually working to create an environment where a message calling for policy makers to act, via our social
Headspace employees, customers and contractors are not exposed media channels.
The Group offers all colleagues a free subscription to the to harm and in 2023, we have seen a 20 per cent decrease
market-leading meditation app Headspace, providing in injuries to our employees and an 46 per cent decrease Our Employee Assistance Programme (EAP)
access to mindfulness modules covering a range of topics in injuries to members of the public. The EAP provides colleagues and their families (dependants
and children aged 16-23) with free confidential support and
from stress to self-esteem. Approximately, 23,500 colleagues
advice on a range of issues. It covers topics ranging from
have registered, along with 1,200 of their loved ones. These Working with partners
emotional support to very practical legal and financial
initiatives continue to help us to change our culture around
wellbeing. The service is available 24 hours a day, 365 days
mental health, empowering our colleagues to openly talk
Mental Health UK a year, ensuring that support is always available to our
about, and take ownership for, their own wellbeing and take
Our partnership with Mental Health UK has made a huge colleagues. On average each month, 1,700 calls are made,
action to support it.
difference in communities right across the UK. Our and 760 structured counselling sessions take place.
colleagues and customers have demonstrated enormous
commitment to mental health by raising over £16 million Working with Cancer Pledge
24,300 during the six-year tenure of the partnership. At the beginning of 2023 we became a founding signatory
of the ‘Working with Cancer Pledge’, sponsored by our Chief
Financial Officer. The additional support we launched for
colleagues have accessed colleagues affected by cancer, including peer support and
our free Headspace manager training, won ‘Best Wellbeing Initiative for Business
subscription Culture award’.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 77
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Colleague learning and development
We recognise that the world of work is Technology and Change roles a single place to go to Skills-based organisation Colleague insight
changing, technology is advancing and develop their skills and access specific content, and The world, along with the needs and expectations of our A Group wide review was undertaken mid-2023 to
pathways are available for colleagues interested in a role customers and communities, developing technology and understand how we can improve our learner experience
skills needed today will be obsolete in the
in these areas, supporting those new to role, those looking to our reliance on data, is changing at pace and we know that and make it clear for colleagues how they build the skills
future. As the UK faces challenges with skills develop core skills, through to people wanting become an 40 per cent of core skills will change in the next five years. they need for today and tomorrow.
shortages, we are investing in our colleagues expert. In 2023 the Data & Tech Academy had 40,000 unique
to be the key to our future success. colleague views and over 62,000 courses were completed. We have established a common understanding around We have spent time listening to colleagues through surveys
skills (our skills library). which provides a consistent way and co-creation sessions across a mix of grades, tenure,
We have also recognised the need to uplift the general for us to describe the skills we need, aligned to future roles, archetype and active/non-active learners.
Investing and supporting skills for the future technical literacy of all colleagues in the Group. We have strategy, with detailed definitions and relevant proficiency
We have continued to move towards putting skills at the introduced a learning solution (Technology Quotient) descriptors. Colleagues stated that they are positive about the quality
centre of everything we do, mobilising a programme of which is available to all colleagues in the Group to gain of solutions, which tells us when colleagues consume the
activity to map skills to all roles. a base understand of 12 topics (including cloud, data Skills and expected proficiency levels are mapped to each learning they find it designed to a high quality, pitched
and sustainability). In 2023 over 78,000 assessments were role. This ensures there is visibility for both the organisation at the right level and delivered in a way to suit different
Our Data & Tech Academy has been implemented, giving passed by 11,400 individuals, reinforcing our aim to support and our colleagues of what our skillset is today and needs learning styles.
over 10,000 colleagues in Data, Security, Engineering, colleagues who are looking to reskill into new roles. to be for the future. Skills will become the ‘currency’ that we
operate by so that we can grow and move skills around our Further work is now underway via Ideation sessions to
Reskilling organisation when and where we need them most. understand what enhancements we need to make to
Our dedicated reskilling team is helping to bridge the skills improve our learning culture, ensuring that colleagues have
gap by investing in colleagues, helping them realise their Leveraging technology to improve our quality conversations, are clear on their learning objectives
potential and progress into a new role. The team offers and have the drive and focus to take ownership for their colleague experience
colleague training and support to develop new skills own development.
This year we entered into a strategic collaboration with
that are unrelated to their current role so that they can
Microsoft to co-create their Viva learning and skills products,
successfully change their career to one aligned to future
which will provide colleagues with hyper-personalised
skills needs.
learning pathways and integrate learning into the flow
of their work.
Earlier in 2023, we also launched a career mobility policy
which encourages movement and growth of skills across
In addition, we have also now defined and created a suite
our business. This has enabled colleagues to move more 62,000
of new learning environments, designed to deliver a more
freely around the organisation based on skills.
immersive and engaging virtual facilitated experience for
both trainers and learners. Our new Virtual Delivery Studio is
Whilst the roles have completely different skills, some are courses completed in 2023 through
a dual-purpose self-serve film and live delivery studio with
similar, e.g. critical thinking, problem solving, so by adding the Data & Tech Academy
industry-standard technology that will transform and
in the technical skills required these colleagues were able to
revolutionise both our film and broadcasting strategy.
receive an industry-recognised qualification and a new role.
We continue to leverage new technologies to improve the
Reskilling uses a different selection process that focuses on
colleague learner experiences including the use of Virtual
potential: what could you do in the future rather than what
Reality to deliver new immersive experiences, which enable
you can do now. We have reskilled over 290 colleagues this
colleagues to practice in a safe and controlled environment
year into roles that have future-focused skillsets.
to build confidence and competence.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 78
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supporting our colleagues continued
Apprenticeships
Through our award-winning programmes we have
continued to extend and enhance our apprenticeship
This was a miracle to me!
delivery, currently offering apprenticeships in 30
occupational roles from Level 2 (GCSE equivalent) to Level 7
Couldn’t believe that they
(Master’s Degree equivalent). We typically have 1,300
colleagues on an apprenticeship at any time and we
had this opportunity to let
welcomed 635 new apprentices this year. The programme
recruitment also contributes to our focus on diversity with
22 per cent of external hires coming from a Black, Asian or people like myself get into
Minority Ethnic heritage and 48.7 per cent being women.
a role that is a career path
T Levels
for me rather than a job.
Following a test and learn pilot we provided 70 placements for
16-17 year olds completing a T Level. T Levels are a post-16
qualification aligned to different occupations, the key I couldn’t imagine getting
component being a meaningful and structured industry
placement for 45 days. We are proud to be providing paid into a role like this without
placements in data, software engineering and finance and
providing relevant experience to help young people succeed this reskill option.
in their chosen careers. T Levels are a pipeline to apprenticeships
and from our test and learn in 2022, we have two-thirds Una Currie, reskilled colleague
of the students having started an apprenticeship with
the Group.
Work experience programmes
The Group coordinates various work experience programmes
for school children to engaged with the Group. In the course
of 2023, the programme achieved the following:
• Skillsbuilder – essential skills sessions to 8,521 students
aged between 6 and 19
• Work experience – virtual, hybrid and on campus for
students aged 14 years or older totalling 1,490 places
• Careers fairs, talks and outreach to total audience to
date of 19,217 students
• Skillsbuilder Accelerator – 12,000 students

Purpose in action
T Level Talent Pipeline
SDG 8.5: By 2030,
achieve full and
productive
employment and
decent work for all
Liz Smite, joined the Group for her I felt really lucky that I was able to women and men,
including for young
Software Engineering T Level secure a T Level work placement
people and persons
placement in 2022, excelling in her at Lloyds Banking Group. I was able
with disabilities, and
nine-week placement and as a result to experience the workplace for the equal pay for work
was offered a software engineering first time and was really positively of equal value.
apprenticeship. surprised what a dynamic
environment it was in technology.
“ It all started with me having an
interest in technology which led me It opened my eyes on what an
to choose Computer Science as a apprenticeship could be like and
subject in high school. At this point what work I would take on, which
after studying for my GCSE’s, I was made me even more keen to apply.
pretty clear that I wanted to become University was always a ‘just-in-case’
a software engineer and a digital T option as I prefer hands-on learning
Level became the next natural step. and after seeing how interesting the
placement was and reaping the
benefits, I decided an apprenticeship
was definitely the way to go. I knew I
would enjoy the balance of learning
and then putting is into practice
‘on the job’.
After completing my work placement
and working through the selection
process, I received an offer for
Software Engineer Apprenticeship.
Overall, I’m so glad I decided to
choose a T Level course and go on
to be one of the first students to do a
work placement with Lloyds Banking
Group. It has opened up the route into
an apprenticeship and hopefully an
exciting career ahead in software
engineering, something I never even
thought I could achieve.”
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 79
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 80]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 80]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 80]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 80]
|
----------------------------------------

Human rights
and modern
slavery
The UN Guiding Principles
Reporting Framework asks
companies to focus their human
rights reporting on their salient
human rights issues.

2023 highlights
A company’s salient human rights We conducted a Groupissues are those human rights that wide review of our inherent
stand out because they are at risk
salient human rights risks.
of the most severe negative impact
through the company’s activities
or business relationships. Scottish Widows analysed
their portfolio and engaged
companies representing
£5.8 billion of assets under
management on human
rights issues.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 80
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Human rights and modern slavery continued
Our approach Salient human rights risks Training our
to human rights colleagues
The Group’s approach to human rights During 2023, we worked with an external The scope of this work covered all of the Group’s Modern slavery and human trafficking is
subsidiaries, and aimed to identify where the Group could
is governed by the Responsible party to identify and prioritise the inherent included in our bespoke Fighting Economic
cause, contribute or be connected to human rights issues
Business Committee. salient human rights risks that can be Crime Prevention training which is
across our value chain.
connected to the Group’s operations and mandatory for all UK colleagues to complete
To date, we have already embedded a number of policies value chain. Affected parties considered included: on an annual basis.
and processes to identify the risks associated with human
rights. The effective management of human rights and The aim of the activity was to have an external and • Colleagues and contractors Group-wide training is further supported by targeted
modern slavery issues relies on the integration of the independent review of potential human rights risk for the • Customers and clients training for colleagues in specific roles that are more likely
human rights principles into Group guidelines and policies Group without taking into consideration any of our current • Workers and communities affected by financing that the to encounter modern slavery, including Sourcing and
that set the parameters of operations for topics where programmes, policies or initiatives, primarily for the Group Group has provided through our commercial banking, Supplier Management colleagues.
there may be a human rights impact. to ensure that we aren’t missing any key aspects of human insurance clients and investee companies.
rights risk related to our activities. • Workers and communities affected by the Group’s supply The Group’s day-to-day management of modern slavery chain and sourcing activities.
and human rights is coordinated and driven by the Group
Human Rights Manager who sits in Group Sustainable
Business, and is guided by a cross-divisional working group, Our identified potential salient human right risks across our value chain
the Modern Slavery and Human Rights Working Group. This
working group has input from functions across the Group Modern slavery was identified as a material potential In addition to the salient human rights risks which have been
including our Group people and places teams, Group human rights risk across the Group’s activities due to identified, activity within the Group in relation to the
sourcing, Group Economic Crime Prevention, Retail and some of the sectors and activities which the Group funds protection of human rights is focused on:
Commercial Banking teams, as well as external human or is involved with.
rights experts. • Inclusion and diversity
Having identified the inherent salient human rights risks, • Mental health and colleague wellbeing in the workplace
This approach is supported by several Group policies the next step will be for the Group to review our current • Supporting vulnerable customers
relating to the management of issues that impact human business processes, some of which already consider • Tackling modern slavery through our supply chain
rights through our operations such as, but not limited to: human rights risks, identify any gaps and implement • Protecting customer privacy
measures to prevent or mitigate these potential risks • Data security to keep our customers’ money and data
• Group colleague policies thereby embedding respect for human rights into the safe.
• Health, safety and fire policy Group’s core business where it is relevant.
• Group data policy
• Security policy
• Harassment and grievance resolution policy Colleagues Retail customers Corporate and Sourcing and our Investment,
• Group compliance policy commercial banking supply chain insurance and
• Group accountability standards clients pensions
• Speak Up (whistleblowing)
• Anti-bribery policy • Discrimination • Discrimination • Modern slavery • Modern slavery • Modern slavery
• Group sector statements • Economic • Migrant labour • Migrant labour and • Migrant labour
• Code of supplier responsibility exploitation • Inadequate labour rights • Inadequate
• Customer policy • Inadequate standard of living standard of living
• Product governance policy standard of living
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 81
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 82]
Our identified potential salient human right risks across our value chain
----------------------------------------
Modern slavery was identified as a material potential In addition to the salient human rights risks which have been human rights risk across the Group’s activities due to identified, activity within the Group in relation to the some of the sectors and activities which the Group funds protection of human rights is focused on: or is involved with. • Inclusion and diversity Having identified the inherent salient human rights risks, • Mental health and colleague wellbeing in the workplace the next step will be for the Group to review our current • Supporting vulnerable customers business processes, some of which already consider • Tackling modern slavery through our supply chain human rights risks, identify any gaps and implement • Protecting customer privacy measures to prevent or mitigate these potential risks • Data security to keep our customers’ money and data thereby embedding respect for human rights into the safe. Group’s core business where it is relevant. Colleagues Retail customers Corporate and Sourcing and our Investment, commercial banking supply chain insurance and clients pensions • Discrimination • Discrimination • Modern slavery • Modern slavery • Modern slavery • Economic • Migrant labour • Migrant labour and • Migrant labour exploitation • Inadequate labour rights • Inadequate • Inadequate standard of living standard of living standard of living

Human rights and modern slavery continued
Human rights issues and how we are
Customers who are more vulnerable
including due to critical illnesses, the
Customers elderly Customers who are more
vulnerable including due to critical
illnesses, the elderly and customers
with disabilities
We are committed to supporting both colleagues and
customers through vulnerable situations, see pages
37 and 69.
Domestic and economic abuse victims
Our specialist support teams exemplify our
commitment to providing tailored assistance for
customers in specific circumstances, see page 38.
Economic crime including anti-money
laundering and counterterrorist Mental health of customers
financing Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland were the first
The Group maintains its focus on protecting and organisation to receive the ‘Mental Health Accessible’
minimising the impact on our customers and the accreditation (Advanced Level) from the Money and
Group whilst reducing the harm to communities Mental Health Policy Institute (MMHPI) in 2023, see
caused by criminals and terrorists. See page 19. pages 38 and 39.
Data privacy and security Identified environmental, social, labour
The Group has a Chief Data and Analytics Office and human rights high-risk sectors and
which oversees the Group’s policies in relation to data excluded activities related to lending
privacy and ethical use of data. See page 23 and our
and investment activities
annual report and accounts 2023 on page 179.
The Group is cognisant of environmental and social
risks as a result of our lending and investment
Modern slavery, forced labour and activities. See page 156 and page 171.
human rights abuses
For further information on our approach to Grievance mechanisms and
modern slavery and human trafficking, see page 82
whistleblowing
on our modern slavery statement which can be found
Speak Up is the Group’s whistleblowing programme.
on our download centre .
It is available to all colleagues across the Group,
including suppliers, contractors and third parties.
See page 24.

e addressing them
veteran status, trade union activity or other legally
protected status. We expect the same from all our
business partners, clients and suppliers. Read more
Colleagues on page 59.
Mental health of colleagues
Our focus on mental health as a key component
of our colleague health and wellbeing strategy,
see pages 75 to 77.
Freedom of association/collective
bargaining
We support colleagues’ rights to exercise freedom
of association and have extensive consultation
and collective bargaining processes in place, both
Fair remuneration in the UK and overseas. See page 73 of this report.
Lloyds Banking Group became a UK Living Wage
Employer in 2015 and we review our pay rates annually Health and safety of colleagues,
to ensure minimum rates are above the statutory
contractors and visitors
minimum and living wage requirements that are
Ensuring a safe working environment is key to the applicable in the countries we operate in. We have
operation of the Group as we are an organisation
worked, and continue to work, with third-party
dependent on our people. See page 77.
contractors to ensure that they operate in line with
our commitments and expect them to ensure that the
wages they pay meet legally mandated minimum Accessibility for persons
requirements without unauthorised deductions. with disabilities
The Group has an extensive diversity, equity, and
Non-discrimination, inclusivity and inclusion programme. See page 65 of this report.
equality/harsh or degrading
Maternity and paternity protection
treatment/harassment
The Group has an extensive Diversity, Equity, and The Group has an extensive diversity, equity and
Inclusion programme. See page 76 of this report.
inclusion programme and is committed to meeting
its statutory responsibilities as an employer. We do
not tolerate discrimination on the basis of protected Grievance mechanisms and
attributes including race, religion, national or ethnic whistleblowing
origin, citizenship status, political opinion, age, marital The Group runs an independent whistleblowing
or relationship status, carer responsibilities, sex, programme, see page 24.
sexual orientation, gender identity, intersex status,
pregnancy, parental status, breastfeeding, disability,
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 82
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Human rights and modern slavery
continued
Purpose in action
Responsible investment
and human rights
SDG 8.7: Take
immediate and
effective measures to
eradicate forced
labour, end modern
slavery and human Acknowledging the importance The letters highlighted the in-depth
trafficking and of social factors to our investment qualitative research on each
secure the portfolio and following on from the company identified. Freedom of
prohibition and introduction in 2022 of human rights association, supply chains and
elimination of the as a priority stewardship theme, we working conditions were common
worst forms of child
began embedding human rights themes across a number of the
labour, including
material issues into our engagement companies identified.
recruitment and use
of child soldiers, and approach with our appointed
by 2025 end child investment managers, joining Fifteen companies have replied so
labour in all its forms. investor collaborations and far and of those that responded a
SDG 8.8: Protect conducting a qualitative and number have expressed their interest
labour rights and quantitative analysis on the in engagement and we hosted our
promote safe and materiality of human rights risk first engagements during the last two
secure working across our portfolio. quarters of the 2023, and we will be
environments for all continuing with this work in 2024.
workers, including In 2023, following the analysis of
migrant workers, in
our investee companies in order to We believe that engagement ensures
particular women
prioritise them for engagement, we that the companies we are invested
migrants and those
wrote tailored letters to twenty five in understand the standards
in precarious
employment. companies, representing £5.8 billion we expect and that through
of assets under management, as of collaboration we will protect the
the end of 2022, with ten companies long-term interests of our clients
sitting in Scottish Widow’s top 100 list and investment beneficiaries.
(companies which represent our
largest investment holdings).

Communities Suppliers
Access to housing in communities Compliance with UK Modern Slavery
Through our partnership we are working with Crisis Act and mitigation of the risk of human
(and Simon Community in Northern Ireland) to help
rights or modern slavery risks,
them to provide the support that will help people to
leave homelessness behind for good. See page 46. including forced labour and child
labour, in the countries
Domestic and financial abuse and communities where they operate
Our Domestic and Financial Abuse team, set up in
2019, supports survivors to rebuild their finances, see We expect suppliers to meet or exceed the
page 38. provisions in our code of supplier responsibility .
Drug trafficking and financial See the code here and more on our approach to
responsible and sustainable sourcing on page 18.
exploitation of young people including
county lines
Fair remuneration and ethical
We work collectively with industry bodies, law
enforcement, regulators and governments. These recruitment practices
partnerships are crucial to our ambition to reduce We have worked, and continue to work, with third-party
crime across society and to Help Britain Prosper, see contractors to ensure that they operate in line with our
pages 20 to 22. commitments and expect them to ensure that the
wages they pay meet legally mandated minimum
requirements without unauthorised deductions.
Modern slavery and human trafficking
For further information on our approach to modern
slavery and human trafficking and our community- Access to effective remedy for
based initiatives, access our modern slavery individual victims of human rights
statement which can be found on our violations/grievance and
download centre .
whistleblowing mechanisms
Speak Up is the Group’s whistleblowing programme. It is
available to all colleagues across the Group, including
suppliers, contractors and third parties. See page 24.
We continue to work with Unseen, a UK anti-slavery
charity, to deepen our understanding of modern
slavery risk within our supply chain and enhance our
colleague training.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 83
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 84]
Communities
----------------------------------------
Access to housing in communities Through our partnership we are working with Crisis (and Simon Community in Northern Ireland) to help them to provide the support that will help people to leave homelessness behind for good. See page 46. Domestic and financial abuse Our Domestic and Financial Abuse team, set up in 2019, supports survivors to rebuild their finances, see page 38. Drug trafficking and financial exploitation of young people including county lines We work collectively with industry bodies, law enforcement, regulators and governments. These partnerships are crucial to our ambition to reduce crime across society and to Help Britain Prosper, see pages 20 to 22. Modern slavery and human trafficking For further information on our approach to modern slavery and human trafficking and our community- based initiatives, access our modern slavery statement which can be found on our download centre .

[Table 2 — Page 84]
Suppliers
----------------------------------------
Compliance with UK Modern Slavery Act and mitigation of the risk of human rights or modern slavery risks, including forced labour and child labour, in the countries and communities where they operate We expect suppliers to meet or exceed the provisions in our code of supplier responsibility . See the code here and more on our approach to responsible and sustainable sourcing on page 18. Fair remuneration and ethical recruitment practices We have worked, and continue to work, with third-party contractors to ensure that they operate in line with our commitments and expect them to ensure that the wages they pay meet legally mandated minimum requirements without unauthorised deductions. Access to effective remedy for individual victims of human rights violations/grievance and whistleblowing mechanisms Speak Up is the Group’s whistleblowing programme. It is available to all colleagues across the Group, including suppliers, contractors and third parties. See page 24. We continue to work with Unseen, a UK anti-slavery charity, to deepen our understanding of modern slavery risk within our supply chain and enhance our colleague training.

Our purpose is Helping Britain Prosper.
We Help Britain Prosper by creating a
more sustainable and inclusive future
for people and businesses, shaping
finance as a force for good.
Sustainable

In this section
2023 in review 85
Our environmental strategy 87
Own operations 95
Supply chain 101
Data, financial planning and controls 105
Banking activities 106
Transition plan by system 112
Risk management and scenario analysis 150
Scottish Widows 160
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 84
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 85]
| Our purpose is Helping Britain Prosper. We Help Britain Prosper by creating a more sustainable and inclusive future for people and businesses, shaping finance as a force for good. | |
----------------------------------------
| Sustain future | | e deliver Inclusive future able Sustainable future Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 84
| | |

[Table 2 — Page 85]

----------------------------------------


2023 in review
Within this section we provide
more details on the specific
environmental sustainability
strategy objectives and some
of our key related activities.
worG

Drive revenue
growth and
diversification
Capitalising on inclusive and sustainable financing and investment opportunities
Net zero £29bn £21.7bn
Bank sustainable finance progress towards Scottish
origination
lending from 2022 to 2023 Widows ‘Climate-Aware’
investment target of
Helping us to identify
£20-£25bn invested by 2025
our greatest transition
opportunities
Greening the built environment and improving access to quality housing
Launched our Continued our
20% Green
Effective Home partnership
partnership for of new Citra projects with Octopus
Buildings
residential solar signed up to Next Energy for energy
Generation Project
efficiency home
Tool
improvements
An insights calculator to
support clients to assess
their energy efficiency
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 85
worG
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

2023 in review continued
Strengthen
cost and capital
efficiency
Managing our environmental risks and impacts
Developed Exited direct
prototype lending to UK
residential real thermal coal
new NZBA targets estate model to power by end of
launched in 2024 enhance
for C&RRE, road measurement of 2023
passenger physical and
transport and transition risks
agriculture
Net zero operations and supply chain
Launched a Increased
operational 152
pledge to
Scope 1 and 2
bring nature emissions suppliers assessed
closer to our reduction target against the
from 75% to at least Emerald Standard
people and
90% by 2030 representing c.76%
places
of supply chain
emissions
sucoF egnahC

Maximise the
potential of people,
technology and data
Embedding sustainability in all that we do
Established an internal Developed credible
1,000
Nature Task Force and transition plan (CTP)
expanded nature training assessment methodology
across the Group with 36 assessments large clients supported
undertaken to date by our partnership with
the Soil Association
Greenwashing
Updated Group carbon Exchange
training launched
offsetting principles
for all colleagues
Enhanced control
framework established for
external sector statements
Supporting and engaging our colleagues
2,500 Recycle 95%
electric cars through our of supplier and sourcing
for good
colleague salary managers completed
sacrifice scheme since training on our Emerald
making it easier for
launch Standard
colleagues to recycle
personal devices
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 86
egnahC
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our environmental strategy
Systems approach
We have taken a systems-led approach to consider
climate and environmental issues across and between
each system in a UK and Group context.
We must be bold in the role we take in elements of each system and between
the transition, to ensure we de-risk our systems, seeking to understand the
business and capitalise on opportunities. changes and solutions that are needed
Through the work we have undertaken to unlock impactful progress in support
to date on developing Net Zero Banking of the transition to address
Alliance (NZBA)-aligned sector targets, environmental trends.
our first transition plan and considering
the opportunities available to support This means being proactive in shifting
our customers, the need to move from focus from climate and carbon, to also
a sector focus to a system-led approach include topics such as nature, Just
has become clear. Transition, circular economy, and
resilience and adaptation to ensure
By taking a system-led approach, our we capture a wide range of issues
strategy seeks to bring focus through that affect all systems.
greater cross-Group collaboration, and
in turn aims to unlock change and Systems are interconnected, with
progress. The Group has four priority progress in one also supporting progress
systems where we believe we can in the other, particularly in the energy
leverage our scale, reach in the market transition. As such, different areas of the
and the different financial services Group will need to collaborate to support
we offer to consider climate and different elements across each system.
environmental issues across and This approach will support focusing on
between each system. the most material areas that the Group
can play a role in to generate new
These systems are focused on where lending or investment opportunities,
we live through greening the built or to manage our risks.
environment, how we move through
low carbon transport, how we farm with There is further work to do to develop
a more sustainable farming and food the cross-Group action plans for each
system, and through the energy we use system, which we will update in future
with an energy transition fundamental iterations of our sustainability report
to broader decarbonisation. Further and transition plan. This is a universal Found
to this, we will need to ensure we endeavour and will depend on
transition the broader business and government, industry and wider society
manage our own impacts. acting together, alongside significant
technological advancements. There are
A systems approach requires many unknowns as part of the transition
consideration of value chains for but it cannot be a barrier to action.

Sustainable Greening the built
farming and food environment
• Forestry and land use change • Sustainable building materials
• Regenerative agriculture • Climate-resilient design
• Nature-based infrastructure
See further details on page 139 • Residential and commercial retrofit
See further details on page 118
Energy Low carbon
transition transport
• Renewable energy technologies • Battery manufacturing and
• Alternative fuels and chemicals recycling
• Decarbonisation of the grid • Sustainable aviation fuels
• Electric vehicles
See further details on page 144
See further details on page 128
dations We will ensure we ‘have our own house Supply Own operations Wider sector targets
chain and commitments
in order’ so that we can have legitimacy
when helping others transition:
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 87
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our environmental strategy continued
Bank financed Work with customers,
Our emission
government and the market
emissions
to help reduce the carbon
reduction ambitions emissions we finance by
more than 50 per cent by
2030 on the path to net zero
and targets
Reduce by 20501 or sooner.
the carbon For more information on bank
financed emissions see page 106
We have set several Breakdown of Group’s emissions
1 From a 2018 baseline, covering Scope 1
ambitions across our emissions (MtCO2e) and 2 emissions.
own operations, supply we finance
What this looks like for the Group
chain and lending and
The scale of our current emissions varies by more than
investments to support across different areas of the business.
the decarbonisation of
50% by 2030
our business in line with 22.0
limiting global warming Bank financed
to 1.5°C. emissions
(2022)
Target halving the carbon
While we are making good
progress on all ambitions to date, 10.2 footprint2 of our investments
there are significant challenges Scottish by 2030 on the path to net
and external dependencies in Widows Scottish Widows zero by 20503.
many of our sectors and systems financed
that will need to be addressed for emissions financed emissions
For more information on SW
us to achieve our targets and our (2022)
financed emissions see page 160
overall ambition to reduce the
emissions we finance by more 0.8 2 Carbon footprint is a measure of carbon
than 50 per cent by 2030 (see Supply intensity calculated as absolute value of
pages 106 to 149). chain emissions emissions applicable to an investment
divided by the value of investment.
(2022/23)
3 From a 2019 baseline.
Globally, we are not moving quickly
enough to tackle the climate crisis
0.1
at the speed we know is required
Own operation
and we will need to do more and
emissions
collaborate with a wide range of Halve the
(2022/23)
stakeholders to unlock the barriers
that stand in our way or we will not Based on 2022 data available for Bank and Scottish carbon
achieve our ambitions. Widows financed emissions Scope 1 and 2 emissions
only. 2022/23 period end data for supply chain
footprint of our
emissions and own operations includes Scope 1, 2
and 3 categories and is reported on a market basis.
investments
For details on our methodology please see
sustainability metrics basis of reporting .
by 2030

Working with our suppliers
to reduce the emissions
generated as a result of our
Supply chain demand for goods and
services, on the path to net
zero by 2050 or sooner4.
For more information on supply
chain emissions see page 101
4 From a 2021/22 baseline.
Reduce our supply chain
emissions by 50% by 2030
In our own operations we
will achieve net zero carbon
operations by 2030 and
Own operations reduce our direct carbon
emissions by at least 90 per
cent, while also reducing
energy consumption across
our operations by 50 per cent
Achieve
and limiting travel-related
carbon emissions by 50 per
net zero
cent5. We have also renewed
operations our ambitious targets for
water, waste and nature.
by 2030 and
For more information on own
reduce our operations emissions see page 95
5 All from a 2018/19 baseline.
direct carbon
emissions by
at least 90%
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 88
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 89]
| Working with our suppliers Overview to reduce the emissions generated as a result of our Supply chain demand for goods and services, on the path to net zero by 2050 or sooner4. For more information on supply chain emissions see page 101 Our 4 From a 2021/22 baseline. Group strategy Reduce our supply chain emissions by 50% by 2030 How we delive | |
----------------------------------------
| | |
Target halving the carbon footprint2 of our investments by 2030 on the path to net Scottish Widows zero by 20503. financed emissions For more information on SW financed emissions see page 160 2 Carbon footprint is a measure of carbon intensity calculated as absolute value of emissions applicable to an investment divided by the value of investment. 3 From a 2019 baseline. Halve the carbon footprint of our investments by 2030 | r In our own operations we will achieve net zero carbon operations by 2030 and Own operations reduce our direct carbon emissions by at least 90 per Inclusive cent, while also reducing energy consumption across future our operations by 50 per cent Achieve and limiting travel-related carbon emissions by 50 per net zero cent5. We have also renewed operations our ambitious targets for water, waste and nature. Sustainable by 2030 and For more information on own reduce our operations emissions see page 95 5 All from a 2018/19 baseline. future direct carbon emissions by at least 90% Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 88 | |

[Table 2 — Page 89]
| |
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 89]
|
----------------------------------------

Our environmental strategy continued Our existing and new targets
Commercial Banking Motor
Our Group
Existing target Existing target
sustainable
£15 billion sustainable finance1 for corporate and £8 billion financing for EV and plug-in hybrid electric
institutional customers by 2024 vehicles by 20243
finance and
£15.8bn £5.7bn
investment
achieved in sustainable finance for achieved in financing for EV and
corporate and institutional customers plug-in hybrid electric vehicles by
by the end of 2023 the end of 2023
In 2022 we set sustainable financing targets 2022 2022
baseline 2024 targetWe are here baseline We are here 2024 target
through to 2024 totalling £33 billion across
the Bank and for up to £25 billion of
£15.8bn £5.7bn
investments in climate-aware strategies
£15bn £8bn
for our Scottish Widows business from 2020 Progress (£bn lending) Progress (£bn lending)
through to 2025. As shown to the right, we
have made great progress against these A breakdown of our sustainable
targets and have already reached our lending is shown below1 EPC A/B mortgage lending
Commercial Banking target one year Type (£bn) 2023 Cumulative for target
earlier than planned. Bonds 2.0 3.3
Existing target
Use of proceeds 2.7 4.3 £10 billion of mortgage lending for EPC A and
In parallel, as noted on page 27, we have developed our
B-rated properties by 20244
sustainable financing framework to provide greater clarity Sustainability-linked
on what Lloyds Banking Group considers to be eligible types loans 3.2 8.2
of sustainable finance covering the Group’s retail lending,
Total 7.9 15.8
business and Commercial Banking and corporate and £7.5bn
institutional banking businesses. Further, we are including
our sustainable finance and investment targets as part of New target
achieved in EPC A/B mortgage lending
our new 2024 to 2026 LTIP assessment as set out on page 26
by end of September 20234
of our annual report and accounts 2023 .
£30bn
baseline We are here 2024 target
of lending from 1 January 2024 to end of 2026
£7.5bn
We have launched a new target
£10bn
Progress (£bn lending)
for sustainable finance for our
Commercial Banking
customers2.

Scottish Widows
Existing target
£20–25 billion discretionary investment in climate-aware5
strategies and climate solutions5 by 2025
£21.7bn
progress in discretionary investment
in climate-aware5 strategies by the
end of 2023
baseline We are here
£21.7bn
£20 – 25bn Progress (£bn investment)
target
1 As defined within the sustainable financing framework .
2 New Commercial Banking target relates to both corporate and
institutional customers and small and medium businesses.
3 Includes new lending advances for Black Horse and operating leases
for Lex Autolease (gross) and operating leases for Tusker (gross, post
acquisition by the Group in February 2023 only); includes cars and vans.
£3.6bn achieved in 2023.
4 New mortgage lending on UK (excluding Channel Islands) residential
property that meets an Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) rating of B
or higher. The target includes re-mortgages but excludes further
advances. £7.5bn covers the period from January 2022 to September
2023. With £2.8bn achieved from 1 January 2023 to 30 September 2023.
5 We are working with our strategic fund management partners
BlackRock and Schroders to develop and refine a range of funds that
have a bias towards investing in companies that are adapting their
businesses to be less carbon-intensive and/or developing climate
solutions.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 89
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 90]
A breakdown of our sustainable lending is shown below1 |
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 90]
|
----------------------------------------

Our environmental strategy continued
Summary of
our activity
We recognise that ambition alone won’t
support the transition or deliver on our
purpose of Helping Britain Prosper. We need
a plan to deliver on our strategy.
Our 2023 Group climate transition plan sets out the steps
we’ll take to reduce emissions to net zero for our operations,
supply chain and how we are addressing nature, Just
Transition, engagement and data at the Group level. We
outline specific activities happening in the Bank in the
transition plan section. Our climate transition plan has been
informed by guidance from the Glasgow Financial Alliance
for Net Zero (GFANZ) and UK TPT, as well as guidance from
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD), all of which continue to evolve.
We don’t yet have all the answers and we continue to work
with our stakeholders to evolve our approach. We expect
to update our plan regularly in the coming years as a result
and as guidance converges around more defined
recommendations that will inform future versions.
Our transition plan is governed under the same structure
and financial planning process as our wider environmental
sustainability strategy.
We have set several net zero ambitions across our Group
to support the decarbonisation of our business in line with
limiting global warming to 1.5°C. Our climate transition plan
provides the plan and pathway to how we will achieve our
Group ambitions and targets discussed in our strategy
section, noting how environmental sustainability milestones
align with the grow, focus and change strategy pillars.
See pages 84 to 149
1 2023 Citra targets as reported in the prior year have been delayed
to 2024. Further details on page 126.
2 All items are for 2025 unless stated for 2026.

Summary of our activity
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 90
worG
sucoF
egnahC
+
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2030 2050
• Expanded funding • Launched sustainable • Launched our Effective • £10bn of mortgage • £20-25bn Scottish • Continue to develop
available for businesses finance lending targets Home partnership for lending for A and B rated Widows investment in new products, services
under discounted green • Launched our Build Back residential solar properties by 2024 climate-aware and financing targets to
finance initiatives Better Scheme to support • Mobilised net zero • £8bn electric vehicle strategies drive the transition
• Launched our green our home insurance origination work to financing by 2024 • £30bn Commercial
mortgage and green customers’ resilience to identify transition • Launched new 2026 Banking sustainable
living reward offers and climate change technology financing sustainable financing financing by 2026
green salary sacrifice • Launched partnerships opportunities (page 117) target for Commercial
schemes with Octopus Energy for • Achieved Commercial Banking
home energy efficiency Banking sustainable
improvements and Soil financing target
Association Exchange for
agriculture customers
• No new direct financing • First round of Net Zero • Developed a credible • Publish agriculture, • 75% of new Citra projects • 50% reduction in bank
of new greenfield oil and Banking Alliance sector transition plan (CTP) commercial and delivered in accordance financed emissions
gas developments targets published assessment residential real estate with NextGen reporting • Scottish Widows half
approved post-2021 covering seven sectors methodology and (C&RRE) and road criteria carbon footprint of
• Maintained travel • Supply chain net zero assessed existing oil and passenger transport • 25% of new Citra all investments
emissions below 50% of ambition published gas clients’ planned targets developments started in • Full exit from all entities
pre-pandemic levels • Supply chain Emerald activity (page 116) • Publish CTP assessment 2025 to achieve at least operating thermal coal
• Announced updated Standard launched • Exited direct lending to approach 10% biodiversity net gain facilities
operational climate UK thermal coal power • 50% Citra homes started • All new Citra homes with • Net Zero Banking Alliance
pledges by end of 2023 in 2024 developed to parking to have EV 2030 sector targets
• Announced two updated NextGen reporting charge point • 50% reduction in supply
operational pledges and standards • Establish targets for Citra chain emissions
new nature pledge • 10% of new Citra operational and supply • Net zero own operations
(page 98) developments started in chain emissions based • 50% reduction
• Enhanced Citra 2 b 0 io 2 d 4 i v to e r a s c it h y i e n v e e t g 10 a % in • o Re n d b u a c s e e o lin p e e s r a d t e io v n e a lo l ped • i Z n e o ro p w er a a s t t io e n b a y l 2 e 0 n 3 e 0 rgy use
sustainability strategy • Determine Citra waste by 80% • Water neutral by 2030 (page 126)
emissions baseline and
• 10% biodiversity net gain reporting approach
for Citra schemes
started in 20231
• Develop Citra operational
and supply chain baseline1
• Developed first • Published first carbon • Established a nature task • Publish sustainable • Continue to enhance training, develop Group
Group-wide colleague offsetting approach force and expanded financing and approaches and refine data as needed
e-learning course on • Delivered training to the training delivered across sustainable bond
sustainability Responsible Business the Group on nature, frameworks
• Delivered training to the Committee and Group including with the Group • Publish updated Group
Board on climate Executive Committee on Board (page 92) carbon offsetting
change and climate- nature and biodiversity • Developed Emerald principles
related risks • 60,000 colleagues Standard training for • Develop an ESG data
• Developed specialist completed Group-wide supplier and sourcing solution
training to relationship e-learning course managers (page 101) • Continue to enhance
managers in • Launched new colleague training
partnership with training covering low
Cambridge Institute for carbon transition, nature
Sustainability loss and greenwashing
Leadership. (page 15)
orez
teN
by
2050 or
sooner
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 91]
| | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Summary of our activity | | | | | |
worG sucoF egnahC | 2021 • Expanded funding available for businesses under discounted green finance initiatives • Launched our green mortgage and green living reward offers and green salary sacrifice schemes • No new direct financing of new greenfield oil and gas developments approved post-2021 • Maintained travel emissions below 50% of pre-pandemic levels • Announced updated operational climate pledges • Developed first Group-wide colleague e-learning course on sustainability • Delivered training to the Board on climate change and climate- related risks • Developed specialist training to relationship managers in partnership with Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership. | 2022 • Launched sustainable finance lending targets • Launched our Build Back Better Scheme to support our home insurance customers’ resilience to climate change • Launched partnerships with Octopus Energy for home energy efficiency improvements and Soil Association Exchange for agriculture customers • First round of Net Zero Banking Alliance sector targets published covering seven sectors • Supply chain net zero ambition published • Supply chain Emerald Standard launched • Published first carbon offsetting approach • Delivered training to the Responsible Business Committee and Group Executive Committee on nature and biodiversity • 60,000 colleagues completed Group-wide e-learning course | 2023 • Launched our Effective Home partnership for residential solar • Mobilised net zero origination work to identify transition technology financing opportunities (page 117) • Achieved Commercial Banking sustainable financing target • Developed a credible transition plan (CTP) assessment methodology and assessed existing oil and gas clients’ planned activity (page 116) • Exited direct lending to UK thermal coal power by end of 2023 • Announced two updated operational pledges and new nature pledge (page 98) • Enhanced Citra sustainability strategy (page 126) • 10% biodiversity net gain for Citra schemes started in 20231 • Develop Citra operational and supply chain baseline1 • Established a nature task force and expanded training delivered across the Group on nature, including with the Group Board (page 92) • Developed Emerald Standard training for supplier and sourcing managers (page 101) • Launched new colleague training covering low carbon transition, nature loss and greenwashing (page 15) | 2024 • £10bn of mortgage lending for A and B rated properties by 2024 • £8bn electric vehicle financing by 2024 • Launched new 2026 sustainable financing target for Commercial Banking • Publish agriculture, commercial and residential real estate (C&RRE) and road passenger transport targets • Publish CTP assessment approach • 50% Citra homes started in 2024 developed to NextGen reporting standards • 10% of new Citra developments started in 2024 to achieve 10% biodiversity net gain • Determine Citra emissions baseline and reporting approach • Publish sustainable financing and sustainable bond frameworks • Publish updated Group carbon offsetting principles • Develop an ESG data solution • Continue to enhance training | 2 + 2025 2030 • £20-25bn Scottish • Continue to develop Widows investment in new products, services climate-aware and financing targets to strategies drive the transition • £30bn Commercial Banking sustainable financing by 2026 • 75% of new Citra projects • 50% reduction in bank delivered in accordance financed emissions with NextGen reporting • Scottish Widows half criteria carbon footprint of • 25% of new Citra all investments developments started in • Full exit from all entities 2025 to achieve at least operating thermal coal 10% biodiversity net gain facilities • All new Citra homes with • Net Zero Banking Alliance parking to have EV 2030 sector targets charge point • 50% reduction in supply • Establish targets for Citra chain emissions operational and supply • Net zero own operations chain emissions based • 50% reduction on baselines developed in operational energy use • Reduce operational • Zero waste by 2030 waste by 80% • Water neutral by 2030 • Continue to enhance training, develop Group approaches and refine data as needed | 2050 orez teN by 2050 or sooner

Our environmental strategy continued Own operations ambition: We will use carbon credits to
offset residual emissions from our operations for 2030 and
beyond.
Supply chain: We do not currently plan to use carbon credits
Our approach
to offset our supply chain emissions, recognising that we are
still in the early stages of our supplier engagement activity.
We will continue to evolve and adapt our approach as we
to carbon
learn through our supplier engagement.
Beyond value chain: We may seek to use carbon credits for
offsetting
mitigation beyond our value chain for propositions, customer
benefit or for relevant projects that support wider action.
As the voluntary carbon markets (VCM) scale up over the
coming years, it is likely that parts of the Group may interact
Carbon credits, if used responsibly, can be an with the market. This will include engaging with our clients
important tool in combating climate change and suppliers to encourage them to develop their own net
and can support the financing of climate zero plans, which may involve them using carbon credits for
offsetting residual emissions for some of their activity, where
resilient development.
applicable and in line with science.
It is important that credits are deployed as part of science2023 carbon credit use
aligned decarbonisation strategies and are not used as an The Group announced its acquisition of Tusker in February
alternative for abatement. Credits can be used to mitigate 2023, noting the acquisition will support its ambitions to Areas of evolution
remaining residual emissions and can also support
achieve net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner through the
mitigation activities beyond a business’ value chain. These
promotion of the use of electric vehicles (EV) and ultra-low
activities can help support the transition at the pace and
emission vehicles (ULEV). Since 2013, Tusker has taken
scale required, including associated environmental and
measures to offset the tailpipe emissions of all salary
social benefits.
sacrifice cars on their schemes. This initiative also includes
offsetting the charging requirements from the grid for
Our strategy remains focused on reducing emissions before
electric vehicles. Science Based Targets initiative Insurance emissions methodology
considering the use of carbon credits. To provide clarity and
We continue to explore the requirements to be met to obtain In relation to the home insurance products we offer there
transparency on our approach to carbon offsetting, we have
As we continue to integrate the business into the Group, external verification of the science-aligned approach to our is a role for us to improve the resilience of customer homes
set out a series of nine principles that the Group will seek to
we will continue to report on carbon credit use and drive sector targets. We have actively reviewed and provided in relation to climate change-induced extreme weather.
follow. These principles have been cross-referenced against
alignment of Tusker activity to our Group offsetting feedback on the public consultation documents released We intend to support customer journeys and industry-wide
external stakeholder expectations and guidance as set out
principles. See our download centre . by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2023 related actions towards greater resilience and adaptation in UK
in our principles document.
to new and updated approaches for financial institutions. domestic properties. Whilst as a Group we are committed
Our GmbH business also offsets calculated operational to reducing emissions across all business areas, there
We recognise that this is a fast-evolving market, so will
emissions for its German . and Dutch operations . However, significant challenges still remain with the is currently no established methodology in the industry
revisit them regularly to ensure alignment with the latest
proposed updates, one of which is the inability to use to calculate financed emissions on our Insurance liabilities.
developments and guidance and update them if we
Any Tusker and GmbH offsetting activity is excluded from regional 1.5 aligned scenarios from credible national bodies We will continue to monitor developments in this area.
deem that there is a material change needed; we have
our Group reported emissions and considered beyond such as UK Climate Change Committee’s Balanced Net Zero
also obtained a second-party opinion for our principles value chain mitigation (BVCM). In 2023 Tusker retired carbon Pathway (BNZP), which sets out feasible 1.5 aligned pathways
from ERM CVS. You can read more about our Group Facilitated emissions
offsetting principles and second-party opinion in
credits representing 20,106t of CO2e in support of their for UK sectors, taking into account economic, fiscal and
The Group notes the release of the Global GHG Accounting
offsetting activity using projects that include wind energy, social circumstances and energy policy in the UK.
our download centre . and Reporting Standard for Capital Markets (Part B) in
improved cooking and forestry projects. In 2023 GmbH
December 2023. This update will enable the Group to move
retired carbon credits representing 332t of CO2e using We expect to have further clarity from SBTi in the first quarter
Group use of carbon credits: projects that include safe water and forestry projects. of 2024 on their planned approach. towards calculating and disclosing its facilitated emissions,
the assessment of which will be a focus area for 2024.
Further details of the carbon credits are located in the
Financed emissions ambition: We do not currently plan sustainability metrics data sheet . The standard covers the primary issuance of capital
to use carbon credits to offset our financed emissions, but markets instruments, including new issuance of various
we will monitor and seek to contribute to emerging industry types of bond issues for general purposes and
standards in this area as they develop. syndicated loans.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 91
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Our environmental strategy continued Our purpose in action
• Influencer: Actively engage with government to help Woodland Trust
Nature
encourage the right enabling policy environment and
business behaviours and activities, for example, we have In January 2020 the Woodland
engaged with the UK government directly to shape the Trust and Lloyds Banking Group
UK Transition Plan Taskforce’s (TPT) framework, as well embarked on a transformational SDG 13: Improve
education,
as with WWF on the inclusion of nature within TPT 10-year partnership. Together we
awareness-raising
requirements have committed to plant 10 million and human and
native trees by 2030, making a real institutional capacity
Nature context In recognition of the declining state of nature and its difference in our response to the on climate change
Protecting and restoring nature goes hand-in-hand with relationship with climate change, we have been taking key nature and climate emergency. mitigation,
supporting the transition to a low carbon economy, and initial steps in 2023 in line with TNFD recommendations to get Our partnership is off to a flying adaptation, impact
ultimately Helping Britain Prosper. started with the identification, assessment, management start with four million trees planted reduction and early
launched framework from the TNFD. TNFD recognises that and disclosure of our material nature-related issues5: in the first four years. warning.
nature is no longer a corporate social responsibility issue,
Nature provides us with everything we need to survive and SDG 15: Protect,
but a core and strategic risk management issue alongside
flourish – it provides us with food, energy, medicines and 1. Building internal capability As a nature conservation restore and promote
genetic resources, and protects us from floods, storms climate change. To this end, the TNFD have produced As with many organisations, understanding nature and its specialist, the Woodland Trust sustainable use of
and overheating. However, the state of nature is rapidly recommendations and guidance that are fully aligned with relevance to the economy and finance is relatively new. We holds a wealth of knowledge for terrestrial
the GBF. We welcome the publication of the TNFD’s voluntary ecosystems,
declining, with the rate of global change in nature over the disclosure framework as a key development in supporting have made an important step on this journey in 2023 by us to tap into, supporting us on sustainably manage
past 50 years unprecedented in human history. Between consistency and transparency in reporting on nature- building a nature team to help grow our internal capabilities our climate and nature journey. forests, combat
1 o 9 f 7 m 0 o a n n i d to 2 r 0 e 1 d 8 s t p he e c a ie ve s r w a a g s e a c h d a e n c g lin e e in o r f e 6 la 9 t p iv e e r a c b e u n n t d g a lo n b c a e ll y1, related impacts, dependencies, risks and opportunities. i i n n t M h a is y s , r p e a s c p e o . n T s h ib e l G e r f o o u r p w o w r e ki l n co g m to e e d m it b s e fi d rs t n h a e tu a r d e o in f d na ec tu is re io n- T p h ro ro v u id g e h v o o u lu r n p t a e r e t r n in e g rs a h n ip d w e d ha es lt e a rt n ifi d c r a e t v i e o r n s , e a l n a d n d
driven primarily by human activities, including land use making right across the Group. education opportunities for our degradation and
change, overexploitation, pollution, anthropogenic climate Our activity colleagues, and support the halt biodiversity loss.
change and the spread of invasive species. We have delivered initial training on nature to the Group Woodland Trust’s Free Tree
The role of Lloyds Banking Group Board, Insurance Board and Executive Committees. We have Scheme for communities, whilst
Nature loss and climate change share direct and indirect We recognise that we, like every individual and organisation, also developed and started to roll out training to build simultaneously encouraging
drivers and mutually reinforce each other, yet for far too have both an impact and a dependency on our natural awareness and understanding of nature across the Group, farmers to plant trees on their
long nature has been a peripheral part of the climate world. We believe there are several ways that the Group with a specific training session organised for our internal land and create new hedgerows
conversation. Climate change is estimated to be can play a critical role in halting and reversing nature loss nature taskforce (comprised of business and central function or restore old ones.
responsible for 14 per cent of biodiversity2 loss, which and helping the economy transition: colleagues who are currently working on or overseeing
is projected to increase over time3. Similarly, the loss of nature-related activities). More broadly, the purpose of this
nature reduces the ability of ecosystems to store carbon, • Educator: Educating and supporting customers, clients, internal, cross-Group nature taskforce, which formed in 2023,
and instead releases carbon emissions, amplifying the suppliers and colleagues to raise awareness on the is to help prioritise key activities, ensure alignment and
effects of climate change. actions they can take to reduce their impact and efficiencies across the Group, agree an approach for
recognise their dependencies on nature, for example, nature-related activities, including external engagements,
In recognition of the need to address the declining state of through our partnerships with the Woodland Trust and and to share learnings from nature-related activities.
nature, at COP15 in December 2022 the Global Biodiversity Soil Association Exchange
Framework (GBF) was adopted4 which is hailed as the • Capital provider and facilitator: Helping to redirect
nature equivalent to the Paris climate agreement. The financial flows away from activities that harm nature,
framework is comprised of 23 targets for action over the and towards activities that have a positive impact on
decade to 2030, with the aim of ‘living in harmony with nature, for example, we have led the co-ordination of
nature’. Companies and financial institutions will be key and structured some sustainability-linked loans with
1 WWF (2022) Living Planet Report 2022 – Building a nature-positive
contributors to the implementation of the GBF, particularly nature-related KPIs society. WWF, Gland, Switzerland.
through Target 15 on the assessment and disclosure of • Convener: Actively take part in partnerships, industry 2 Biodiversity: the variety among living organisms; this includes how
biodiversity dependencies, impacts and risks. bodies and initiatives to steer and shape appropriate different species interact with each other – can often be used as a
responses and drive change, for example, our health indicator of nature. See pages 98 to 100 for further
A key framework for companies and financial institutions to involvement with the Sustainable Markets Initiative 3 The Royal Society: How do humans affect biodiversity? details on our bank approach to
align to in assessing and disclosing nature-related impacts, and the nature workstream under the Financial Services
4 Convention on Biodiversity (2022) Final text on Kunming-Montreal
nature
Global Biodiversity Framework available in all languages.
dependencies, risks and opportunities is the recently Task Force (for further details see page 108) 5 TNFD (2023) Getting started with adoption of the TNFD
Recommendations – v1.0.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 92
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 93]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 93]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 93]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 93]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 93]
|
----------------------------------------

Our environmental strategy continued
2. Understanding our potential exposure 2024 year ahead
This year, we carried out a nature materiality assessment We know there is more to do to execute our environmental
which included our retail portfolio, suppliers, and our sustainability strategy. A key focus for 2024 is continuing
Commercial Banking portfolio1. We used the ENCORE2 tool work on nature.
to develop a more detailed understanding of our potential
material impacts and dependencies on nature across
all sectors.
Our priority activities
Our initial findings suggest that agriculture and the built
environment are two of the most material areas across We have developed a Nature Approach for the Group
our business with the highest potential dependencies and in collaboration with our internal cross-Group Nature
impacts on nature. We will be using these results to inform Taskforce, which includes a high-level vision and
our approach to nature, and have already incorporated objectives connected to our Group strategy to guide
these findings into our refreshed environmental strategy. us over the next three years. These three objectives are:
We will be working to learn from these findings and where
possible integrate into activities. Our next steps for
the assessment itself are to assess impacts and
dependencies on a more granular level, for example Capitalising on nature-related
on a location and supply chain basis, aligned to the opportunities
TNFD LEAP framework.
We will explore how we can support nature
recovery in the UK and green growth; support the
3. Exploring nature-related opportunities transition to sustainable farming and food systems
We are a Founding Partner of the Projects for Nature that protect and restore nature; and support the
initiative, which is an online platform connecting business transition to green building stocks in the UK that
donors to nature recovery projects. We are excited by the protect and restore nature.
opportunity to shape the future direction of this initiative
in collaboration with the UK government, NGOs and other
private sector organisations. We look forward to realising
our commitment to making positive changes to restore
Managing our nature-related risks
nature by mobilising public and private finance.
We will assess and manage nature-related risks,
opportunities, impacts and dependencies
aligned with the voluntary TNFD disclosure
recommendations, and integrate nature
as part of both our risk management framework
and net zero strategy.
Embedding consideration of nature
in all that we do
We will continue enhancing our internal capability
on nature and explore opportunities to engage
our colleagues and customers to take action
to address nature loss. To encourage the right
1 This assessment did not cover our insurance, pensions and investment enabling environment we will continue to actively
portfolio. engage with industry initiatives and government.
2 ENCORE is a tool that provides an understanding of how different
sectors impact and depend on nature, developed by UNEP-WCMC, UNEP
FI and Global Canopy.
3 ‘What is a Just Transition?’
worG
sucoF
egnahC

Just transition
A just transition means ‘greening the
economy in a way that is as fair and inclusive
as possible to everyone concerned, creating
decent work opportunities and leaving no
one behind3’. For Lloyds Banking Group, the
just transition is at the heart of our purpose
of Helping Britain Prosper and we will strive
to ensure no one is left behind as we commit
to driving positive change for our colleagues,
customers, clients and communities,
including through meaningful dialogue.
Our activity
System-level collaboration A just transition is
We continue to collaborate to drive system-level
transformation in relation to a just transition through our at the heart of our
engagement within a number of external working groups,
committees, roundtables and workshops, with the aim of purpose of Helping
collectively informing and developing guidance on the just
transition and the role of financial institutions in supporting Britain Prosper as we
an inclusive transition. Notable contributions include:
seek to create a more
• Involvement in the Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT)
Just Transition working group, which contributed sustainable and
to the release of the TPT disclosure framework and
sector guidance.
inclusive future.
• Membership within the LSE Grantham Research
Institute’s Financing a Just Transition Alliance, where
we participated in workshops focused on housing and
agriculture, which has led to the release of a policy
publication on how finance can support a just transition
in UK agriculture.
• Participation in CISL’s Banking Environment Initiative’s
(BEI) just transition project, which culminated in the Read more on our just transition
release of the bank action guide: towards a just transition approach within the transition plan
for small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) which pages 118 to 149
details the actionable steps banks can take to consider
SMEs in the net zero transition.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 93
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 94]
A just transition is at the heart of our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper as we seek to create a more sustainable and inclusive future. Read more on our just transition approach within the transition plan |
----------------------------------------
| Read more on our just transition approach within the transition plan
| pages 118 to 149

Our environmental strategy continued
• Engagement as a member of the Just Transition Customer consideration
Consultive Committee, convened by UNEP FI and ILO, Effectively supporting the transition to net zero will require
which launched Just Transition Finance: Pathways for consideration of many different groups, including
Banking and Insurance at COP28. This report aims to vulnerable and low-income households. Our range of
provide guidance to financial institutions on how to products and propositions strive to be inclusive of various
become enablers of a just and inclusive transition. customer segments, along with aiming to increase
customer awareness and education on the actions that
For further examples of our collaboration on a system-level can support their transition. We have detailed examples
in relation to transition planning and Scottish Widows, of the actions we have taken so far across our sectorplease see pages 116 and 164. specific sections of this report and acknowledge there
is more to do to continue to support our customers.
Strategic focus
The principles of a just transition strongly align with our Sector-specific transformation
Group values, which are there to underpin the way we work We acknowledge the need to consider the just transition
and make decisions. To ensure it is prominent in our from a sector-specific lens, given the disproportionate
approach, just transition has been identified as a key impact the transition to net zero will have on high carbon
cross-cutting theme that sits within our environmental sectors. To date, we have taken some steps to support a just
sustainability strategy. To support this, we have developed and inclusive transition as demonstrated on page 143, but
specific guidance to use within decision-making processes there is more to do and we aim to continue to identify the
and areas of focus, and we are already considering and steps we can take to support a just and inclusive transition.
prioritising the principles of a just transition in a number
of areas, including within our target-setting approach Financing and investment
and associated transition plan, whereby just transition We understand our decisions around financing and
considerations are prioritised and used when identifying investment have a role to play in embedding a just
the levers we can use to influence the transition. See our transition. We have already started to consider just
NZBA target-setting approach on page 114 for more detail. transition principles within our investment decisions,
which is further supported with our sustainable financing
Within Scottish Widows, just transition is specifically included framework which aligns with just transition principles.
in the stewardship policy and outlined in our voting See page 113 for further information.
guidelines as part of the low carbon transition.
Client engagement
We recognise the importance of client engagement to
support a just transition to net zero. Details on how we have
been engaging clients on the just transition can be found
on page 116 and our approach to supporting them in
considering just transition principles as part of their
transition plans can be found on page 109.

Our purpose in action
Portsmouth
Water
In May, we announced our support The reservoir is expected to take nine
for the construction of the Havant years to plan, build and fill with water
Thicket Winter Storage Reservoir and once complete will also provide
(HTWSR) by Portsmouth Water. This environmental and social benefits
is the first large-scale water storage to the local community. SDG 9: Develop
quality, reliable,
reservoir to be built in the UK since
sustainable and
the 1980s. This is likely to be the first in a series
resilient
of major infrastructure projects
infrastructure,
across the UK looking to address including regional
forecast water shortages in the and transborder
coming decades. infrastructure, to
support economic
development and
human wellbeing,
with a focus on
affordable and
equitable access
for all.
SDG 12.2: By 2030,
achieve the
sustainable
management and
efficient use of
natural resources.
See page 87 for details of our
systems approach
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 94
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 95]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 95]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 95]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 95]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 95]
|
----------------------------------------

Own
operations
Reducing the carbon footprint of our
own operations is a key part of our
sustainability strategy. This year,
we have reviewed and redefined our
operational net zero target for 2030.
We have increased our commitment to reduce operational
Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions from 75 per cent to at least
90 per cent by 2030, based on our 2018/19 baseline.

This adjustment reduces our reliance While we continue to make strong progress against our
targets, we recognise that achieving these goals will not
on offsetting residual emissions.
be easy, and we will need to keep investing in our buildings,
as well as supporting colleagues in the transition towards
We recognise that there is more that we a greener future.
can do to minimise the environmental
In 2024, we will continue to deploy energy-efficient
impact of our direct operations. technology including LED lighting and improved building
controls. We will remain focused on removing all use of
natural gas from our estate, replacing gas boilers with
low-carbon heating technologies and creating more
Our actions sustainable branches in communities across the UK. We will
also keep investing in sustainable and active travel facilities
across our buildings, while we mobilise our new waste,
We have renewed our commitment
water and nature commitments, defining a clear roadmap
to reduce our water consumption, towards our 2030 ambitions.
expanded the scope of our
operational and waste target to
include technology waste, as well as
introduced a new pledge for nature
across our operations.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 95
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Own operations continued
We also remain a committed member of the World Green O perational climate ambition and targets1
Building Council Net Zero Carbon Building initiative, and the
Climate Group’s campaigns on renewable electricity (RE100),
energy productivity (EP100) and electric vehicles (EV100).
Direct carbon emissions2 Energy consumption3 Travel emissions4
Net zero carbon operations by 2030 Reduce our total energy consumption by 50 per cent Maintain travel carbon emissions below 50 per cent
by 2030 of 2018/19 baseline
47.8% 36.2% 51.3%
reduction reduction reduction
2030 target We are here 2030 target We are here We are here Ongoing target
47.8% 2023 36.2% 2023 51.3% 2023
36.2% 2022 26.2% 2022 64.4% 2022
Progres s (% reduction) 2018/19 baseline Progres s (% reduction) 2018/19 baseline Progres s (% reduction) 2018/19 baseline
Further details of our SECR reporting can be found in our
Operational waste (legacy target)5 Water consumption (legacy target)6 2023 annual report and accounts and our
Reduce our operational waste by 80 per cent by 2025 Reduce water consumption by 40 per cent by 2030 2023 sustainability metrics datasheet .
1 The methodology to derive reported Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions is
provided in the sustainability metrics basis of reporting . Emissions
74.7% 53.8%
reduction is shown for the period 1 October 2022 to 30 September 2023.
reduction reduction 2 Includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions, market-based approach for
electricity Scope 2.
2025 target We are here We are here Ongoing target 3 Includes electricity, gas and fuel usage across our full operational
estate.
74.7% 2023 53.8% 2023 4 Includes business travel (covering flights, car journeys, hotel stays, taxis,
72.2% 2022 54.3% 2022 buses and underground/overground rail trips), and employee
Progress (% reduction) 2014/15 baseline Progres s (% reduction) 2009 baseline
c
re
o
s
m
ta
m
te
u
d
t i
fl
n
i
g
g
,
h
c
ts
o m
an
p
d
a
r
n
a
y
i l
c
e
a
m
rs
i s
a
s
n
io
d
n
m
s p
o
e
b
r
i
f
le
o r
b
m
ra
a
n
n
c
c
h
e
e
t
s
o
w
re
it
fl
h
e
W
ct
T
i
T
m
. I
p
n
r
c
o
lu
vi
d
n
e
g
s
data coverage.
5 Includes general waste, plastics, mixed recycling, food waste and
confidential paper, as well as lower-volume waste such as glass and
wood.
6 Includes water consumption across our full operational estate.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 96
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 97]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 97]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 97]
|
----------------------------------------
| 36.2% 2022

[Table 4 — Page 97]
| |
----------------------------------------
| | 26.2% 2022

[Table 5 — Page 97]
| |
----------------------------------------
| 64.4% | 2022

[Table 6 — Page 97]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 97]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 97]
| |
----------------------------------------
| | 72.2% 2022

[Table 9 — Page 97]
| |
----------------------------------------
| 54.3% | 2022

Own operations continued
Implementation strategy
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 97
tegraT Net zero carbon Reduce total energy Maintain travel carbon emissions Reduce operational waste Reduce water consumption
operations by 2030 consumption by 50 per cent by 2030 below 50 per cent of 2018/19 baseline by 80 per cent by 2025 (legacy target) by 40 per cent by 2030 (legacy target)
In 2023, our operational carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2, In 2023, our building energy consumption reduced In 2023, our travel emissions remained 51.3 per cent below In 2023, we produced 74.7 per cent less operational waste In 2023, we have achieved our water reduction target
measured using the market-based method) fell by by 13.5 per cent compared to 2021/22, resulting in an our 2018/19 baseline. Despite an increase in commuting compared to 2014/15. Our recycling rate is 72 per cent for the third year in a row. Our water consumption was
18.2 per cent compared to 2021/22, resulting in an overall overall reduction of 36.2 per cent compared to our 2018/19 and business travel related carbon emissions from the and we diverted 97.3 per cent of our waste from landfill. 53.8 per cent lower than the 2009 baseline, while in 2022
reduction of 47.8 per cent from the 2018/19 baseline. baseline. This was achieved through continued reduction previous year, we maintained emissions below the Some of our key activities include: it was 54.3 per cent lower than the baseline.
O • u O r k n e g y o a in c g ti v e i n ti e e r s g i y n r t e h d e u l c a t s io t n ye m a e r a in s c u lu re d s e a : nd investment o su f p en p e ly r g c y h a u i s n e t i o n i o m u p r l p e r m op en e t r t e ie n s e a rg n y d s w a o vi r n ki g n g so w lu it t h io o n u s r . 5 Ex 0 a p m e p r l c e e s n o t f t o a u rg r e k t e l y e a ve c l t . i vities include: • D to e s v u e p lo p p o e r d t w si a te s t l e e v b e in l M ri I g d h a ts s i h zi b n o g ard across all offices, • C Ha o r m bo p u le r t s e id d e a o t f r fi ia c l e o , f r e lo d w u c fl i o n w g s w h a o t w er e u r s a a t g o e u r b B y r 5 is l/ to m l inute across our estate. Further details are outlined in the Some of our key activities include: • Continuing to build our sustainable travel infrastructure • Started to deploy battery waste collection to reduce waste and with a potential to save c.300,000 litres per annum
‘Reduce our total energy consumption by 50 per cent • Continuing our energy optimisation programme, across our sites, with 22 of our offices now accredited contamination in over 60 offices • Undertaken successful trials of water saving devices for
by 2030’ pledge update resulting in 62GWh cumulative savings in 2023 by Cycling UK’s Cycle Friendly Employer scheme, plus • In our Bristol Harbourside office, we have removed all urinals. When rolled out across 39 sites, this technology
• Reassessment of our decarbonisation path towards • Building on the previous years’ programme, we have we also have 264 electric vehicle charging points at 40 non-reusable cups, takeaway containers and crockery, has the potential to deliver water savings of c.40 million
2030, and increasing our existing commitment from continued our LED lighting installs across our offices and of our sites, with 79 per cent of our offices now having EV avoiding over 50,000 single used items a year litres per annum
75 per cent to at least a 90 per cent reduction in Scope 1 branches, resulting in expected savings of 6,406MWh, charging points installed • Introduced ‘Recycle for Good’ across our offices. This • Continued the installation of percussion taps, instant hot
and 2 versus a 2018/19 baseline the equivalent to powering 1,800 UK homes. We have • Launch of liftshare platform to all UK based colleagues. a scheme for colleagues to bring their own technology water taps and low flush volume WC systems across our
• Signing a new Power Purchase Agreement for the supply also upgraded our building management systems (BMS) Over 2,000 journeys already authenticated device in the office to be recycled offices and branches, including upgrading 50 per cent
of 50GWh of renewable electricity per year to our at 225 branches, ensuring minimal energy wastage and • Development and launch of a travel carbon calculator, • Reduce our year-on-year paper waste by 11.6 per cent, of toilets to Propelair system at our Andover Keens
buildings, generated by a new UK-based solar resulting in savings of 1,215 MWh allowing colleagues to compare the carbon impact of and removed 4,200 printers across our operations House office
photovoltaic development that will be built in 2024 • Full integration of our Sustainability Framework 360 in the different types of journey methods
• Investment of £110k in five innovation projects selected design process of all our office refurbishment
from over 200 candidates entering our second ‘Call for programme
Innovation’ event
In 2024, we remain fully committed in delivering our net Reducing energy consumption remains at the core of our As colleagues continue to use office spaces more often, In 2024, as we mobilise activities on our new ‘Zero Waste In 2024, we will focus on mobilising our ‘Water Neutral
zero operational carbon ambitions, and we will focus on: operational climate pledges and net zero journey. In 2024, our commuting and business travel emissions will by 2030’ target details on page 98, we will also continue by 2030’ target details on page 98, while also:
• Continuing the rollout of heat pumps and energy- we will: increase. This is why our travel carbon reduction pledge our journey to achieve 80 per cent reduction in • Continuing with the rollout of water-efficient toilets, efficient electric heating and cooling solutions across • Continue to invest in energy efficiency (e.g. installing LED remains a key priority, and in 2024 we aim to: operational waste by 2025 across our branches taps and low water usage urinals across our branches
our branches and offices lighting and improving building controls) and build • Continue supporting our colleagues in adopting and offices by: and offices, aligning the buildings with our engineering
• Improving our buildings’ fabric and roof insulation awareness with our colleagues and suppliers via energy sustainable commuting habits, focusing on the • Continuing to build colleague awareness with standards
across branches and offices management behavioural campaigns implementation of our liftshare platform across key hubs communication and engagement activities to help • Using the Sustainability 360 Framework, our building
• Reducing the Global Warming Potential (GWP) • Test new ideas and innovative technologies to deliver • Continue to improve cycling facilities for colleagues, reduce our operational waste, as colleagues have design tool, to embed water efficiency for new and
of refrigerant gases wherever possible transformational clean energy solutions across our seeking Cycle Friendly Employer accreditation from a significant role to play in achieving our ambition refurbished offices across our operations
estate Cycling UK at each of our main offices • Continuing to right-size our printer estate in offices
• Deliver additional roof-top onsite solar photovoltaic • Assess the opportunity to introduce an internal travel and branches
installations at our main offices carbon levy, with the intention to create a levelled • Continuing removal of single-use plastic items from
playing field between cost of trains and flights our catering and cleaning operations
From 2025, we will: From 2025, we will: From 2025, we will: From 2025, we will start reporting our performance against From 2025, we will update our reporting to replace our
• Eliminate the use of natural gas in our buildings by 2030 • Continue our energy optimisation programme • Embed sustainable travel as the main way of our new ‘Zero Waste by 2030’ target, alongside our legacy existing water reduction target with our new ‘Water Neutral
• Continue to purchase 100 per cent renewable electricity • Integrate the Sustainability 360 Framework, our building commuting and business travel across the Group waste reduction target. As more colleagues continue by 2030’ measure.
and work towards our ambition to increase design tool, as part of the delivery for new and • Establish sustainable commuting as the go-to solution working in our offices, we face a significant challenge in Reducing water consumption across our operations remains
our electricity sourced directly from renewable projects refurbished offices and branches for colleagues maintaining the low levels of waste measured alongside a key priority for us. In the next phase of our water reduction
or onsite generation, to at least 60 per cent by 2025 • Continue to invest in rooftop onsite solar photovoltaic • Continue our commitment to The Climate Group’s EV100 increasing our recycling rate and decreasing waste journey, we will broaden our ambition to embed water
• By 2030, reach at least 90 per cent reduction in Scope 1 installations campaign, installing charging points across all our contamination. This is why we will: efficiency as part of our buildings’ design process, ensuring
and 2 emissions versus the 2018/19 baseline, improving colleague car parks by 2030 • Continue focusing on reducing our operational and that water conservation principles are included across our
from the previous 75 per cent target technology waste to support our zero waste by 2030 operations, major office and branch refurbishments.
• Start sourcing high-quality carbon offsets for our ambitions We will also look at how we can develop and source credible
residual Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 • Embed long-term circular economy principles water offsets project in our journey towards 2030.
across our operations, to support and expand
our ambitious waste reduction target
• Prioritise strategies to prevent waste, prepare it for reuse,
recycle, recover other value (e.g. energy) and finally,
dispose only if no other alternatives are available
ni
deveihcA
mret
trohS
sdrawno
)4202
rof
miA(
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 98]
Implem tegraT | entation strategy Net zero carbon operations by 2030 | Reduce total energy consumption by 50 per cent by 2030 | Maintain travel carbon emissions below 50 per cent of 2018/19 baseline | Reduce operational waste by 80 per cent by 2025 (legacy target) | Reduce water consumption by 40 per cent by 2030 (legacy target)
----------------------------------------
3202 ni deveihcA | In 2023, our operational carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2, measured using the market-based method) fell by 18.2 per cent compared to 2021/22, resulting in an overall reduction of 47.8 per cent from the 2018/19 baseline. Our key activities in the last year include: • Ongoing energy reduction measures and investment across our estate. Further details are outlined in the ‘Reduce our total energy consumption by 50 per cent by 2030’ pledge update • Reassessment of our decarbonisation path towards 2030, and increasing our existing commitment from 75 per cent to at least a 90 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2 versus a 2018/19 baseline • Signing a new Power Purchase Agreement for the supply of 50GWh of renewable electricity per year to our buildings, generated by a new UK-based solar photovoltaic development that will be built in 2024 • Investment of £110k in five innovation projects selected from over 200 candidates entering our second ‘Call for Innovation’ event | In 2023, our building energy consumption reduced by 13.5 per cent compared to 2021/22, resulting in an overall reduction of 36.2 per cent compared to our 2018/19 baseline. This was achieved through continued reduction of energy use in our properties and working with our supply chain to implement energy saving solutions. Some of our key activities include: • Continuing our energy optimisation programme, resulting in 62GWh cumulative savings in 2023 • Building on the previous years’ programme, we have continued our LED lighting installs across our offices and branches, resulting in expected savings of 6,406MWh, the equivalent to powering 1,800 UK homes. We have also upgraded our building management systems (BMS) at 225 branches, ensuring minimal energy wastage and resulting in savings of 1,215 MWh • Full integration of our Sustainability Framework 360 in the design process of all our office refurbishment programme | In 2023, our travel emissions remained 51.3 per cent below our 2018/19 baseline. Despite an increase in commuting and business travel related carbon emissions from the previous year, we maintained emissions below the 50 per cent target level. Examples of our key activities include: • Continuing to build our sustainable travel infrastructure across our sites, with 22 of our offices now accredited by Cycling UK’s Cycle Friendly Employer scheme, plus we also have 264 electric vehicle charging points at 40 of our sites, with 79 per cent of our offices now having EV charging points installed • Launch of liftshare platform to all UK based colleagues. Over 2,000 journeys already authenticated • Development and launch of a travel carbon calculator, allowing colleagues to compare the carbon impact of different types of journey methods | In 2023, we produced 74.7 per cent less operational waste compared to 2014/15. Our recycling rate is 72 per cent and we diverted 97.3 per cent of our waste from landfill. Some of our key activities include: • Developed site level MI dashboard across all offices, to support waste bin rightsizing • Started to deploy battery waste collection to reduce waste contamination in over 60 offices • In our Bristol Harbourside office, we have removed all non-reusable cups, takeaway containers and crockery, avoiding over 50,000 single used items a year • Introduced ‘Recycle for Good’ across our offices. This a scheme for colleagues to bring their own technology device in the office to be recycled • Reduce our year-on-year paper waste by 11.6 per cent, and removed 4,200 printers across our operations | In 2023, we have achieved our water reduction target for the third year in a row. Our water consumption was 53.8 per cent lower than the 2009 baseline, while in 2022 it was 54.3 per cent lower than the baseline. • Completed a trial of low flow shower at our Bristol Harbourside office, reducing water usage by 5l/minute and with a potential to save c.300,000 litres per annum • Undertaken successful trials of water saving devices for urinals. When rolled out across 39 sites, this technology has the potential to deliver water savings of c.40 million litres per annum • Continued the installation of percussion taps, instant hot water taps and low flush volume WC systems across our offices and branches, including upgrading 50 per cent of toilets to Propelair system at our Andover Keens House office
mret )4202 rof trohS miA( | In 2024, we remain fully committed in delivering our net zero operational carbon ambitions, and we will focus on: • Continuing the rollout of heat pumps and energy- efficient electric heating and cooling solutions across our branches and offices • Improving our buildings’ fabric and roof insulation across branches and offices • Reducing the Global Warming Potential (GWP) of refrigerant gases wherever possible | Reducing energy consumption remains at the core of our operational climate pledges and net zero journey. In 2024, we will: • Continue to invest in energy efficiency (e.g. installing LED lighting and improving building controls) and build awareness with our colleagues and suppliers via energy management behavioural campaigns • Test new ideas and innovative technologies to deliver transformational clean energy solutions across our estate • Deliver additional roof-top onsite solar photovoltaic installations at our main offices | As colleagues continue to use office spaces more often, our commuting and business travel emissions will increase. This is why our travel carbon reduction pledge remains a key priority, and in 2024 we aim to: • Continue supporting our colleagues in adopting sustainable commuting habits, focusing on the implementation of our liftshare platform across key hubs • Continue to improve cycling facilities for colleagues, seeking Cycle Friendly Employer accreditation from Cycling UK at each of our main offices • Assess the opportunity to introduce an internal travel carbon levy, with the intention to create a levelled playing field between cost of trains and flights | In 2024, as we mobilise activities on our new ‘Zero Waste by 2030’ target details on page 98, we will also continue our journey to achieve 80 per cent reduction in operational waste by 2025 across our branches and offices by: • Continuing to build colleague awareness with communication and engagement activities to help reduce our operational waste, as colleagues have a significant role to play in achieving our ambition • Continuing to right-size our printer estate in offices and branches • Continuing removal of single-use plastic items from our catering and cleaning operations | In 2024, we will focus on mobilising our ‘Water Neutral by 2030’ target details on page 98, while also: • Continuing with the rollout of water-efficient toilets, taps and low water usage urinals across our branches and offices, aligning the buildings with our engineering standards • Using the Sustainability 360 Framework, our building design tool, to embed water efficiency for new and refurbished offices across our operations
sdrawno 5202 | From 2025, we will: • Eliminate the use of natural gas in our buildings by 2030 • Continue to purchase 100 per cent renewable electricity and work towards our ambition to increase our electricity sourced directly from renewable projects or onsite generation, to at least 60 per cent by 2025 • By 2030, reach at least 90 per cent reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions versus the 2018/19 baseline, improving from the previous 75 per cent target • Start sourcing high-quality carbon offsets for our residual Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 | From 2025, we will: • Continue our energy optimisation programme • Integrate the Sustainability 360 Framework, our building design tool, as part of the delivery for new and refurbished offices and branches • Continue to invest in rooftop onsite solar photovoltaic installations | From 2025, we will: • Embed sustainable travel as the main way of commuting and business travel across the Group • Establish sustainable commuting as the go-to solution for colleagues • Continue our commitment to The Climate Group’s EV100 campaign, installing charging points across all our colleague car parks by 2030 | From 2025, we will start reporting our performance against our new ‘Zero Waste by 2030’ target, alongside our legacy waste reduction target. As more colleagues continue working in our offices, we face a significant challenge in maintaining the low levels of waste measured alongside increasing our recycling rate and decreasing waste contamination. This is why we will: • Continue focusing on reducing our operational and technology waste to support our zero waste by 2030 ambitions • Embed long-term circular economy principles across our operations, to support and expand our ambitious waste reduction target • Prioritise strategies to prevent waste, prepare it for reuse, recycle, recover other value (e.g. energy) and finally, dispose only if no other alternatives are available | From 2025, we will update our reporting to replace our existing water reduction target with our new ‘Water Neutral by 2030’ measure. Reducing water consumption across our operations remains a key priority for us. In the next phase of our water reduction journey, we will broaden our ambition to embed water efficiency as part of our buildings’ design process, ensuring that water conservation principles are included across our operations, major office and branch refurbishments. We will also look at how we can develop and source credible water offsets project in our journey towards 2030.

Own operations continued
New
operational
pledges
Our operational climate pledges reflect our
commitment to minimise the environmental
impact of our direct operations. This is why
we have now increased our ambitions for
waste, water and nature with a new set
of operational targets that replace our
legacy pledges.

New operational pledges
Zero waste Water neutrality Bring nature closer
by 2030 by 2030 to our people
and places
By 2025, we will achieve our existing 80 per cent waste We recognise the preciousness of water resources, and we We understand the importance of nature and
reduction target, and by 2030 we will align with the Zero want to play our part in minimising the impact of our direct biodiversity and ecosystems in a sustainable future, both
Waste International Alliance’s definition of a zero-waste operations. This is why we are committed to reach water- to support wildlife and to deliver all the vital wellbeing
business, diverting over 90 per cent of our operational neutrality across our buildings by 2030, reducing our water benefits that nature can provide for people. This is why
and technology waste from landfill and incineration, consumption as much as possible, and offsetting the we’re taking action to bring nature closer to our people
focusing our effort on preventing, reducing, reusing residual volume. This pledge signifies our dedication to and places across our offices, branches and data
and recycling waste. As part of our pledge, we will: responsible water management, and we will: centres. As part of this pledge, we will:
• Measure and disclose our full operational and • Invest in our places, prioritising reduction of water • Take action to help deliver nature-positive operations
technology waste impact consumption across our operations, investing in data by working to halt and reverse nature loss across our
• By 2030, divert over 90 per cent of our operational and and technologies we have tested and making them key operational green spaces. This includes adopting
technology waste from landfill and incineration, with a standard a recognised science-based measurement and
the ambition to include construction waste when • Create partnerships to finance, invest and support water monitoring approach, exploring external
better data is available reduction projects in the local community, including collaborations and partnerships, and developing
• Achieve the TRUE waste certification across our larger water conservation projects an operational pollinator strategy
operating sites • Support nature in our urban spaces by delivering
smaller nature-positive habitats on rooftops,
balconies and patios using UK native and pollinatorfriendly plants to create stepping-stone habitats
for urban wildlife
• Bring nature closer to our people by developing
engaging activities and inspiring learning experiences
for our colleagues
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 98
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 99]
Zero waste by 2030 | Water neutrality by 2030 | Bring nature closer to our people and places
----------------------------------------
By 2025, we will achieve our existing 80 per cent waste We recognise the preciousness of water resources, and we We understand the importance of nature and reduction target, and by 2030 we will align with the Zero want to play our part in minimising the impact of our direct biodiversity and ecosystems in a sustainable future, both Waste International Alliance’s definition of a zero-waste operations. This is why we are committed to reach water- to support wildlife and to deliver all the vital wellbeing business, diverting over 90 per cent of our operational neutrality across our buildings by 2030, reducing our water benefits that nature can provide for people. This is why and technology waste from landfill and incineration, consumption as much as possible, and offsetting the we’re taking action to bring nature closer to our people focusing our effort on preventing, reducing, reusing residual volume. This pledge signifies our dedication to and places across our offices, branches and data and recycling waste. As part of our pledge, we will: responsible water management, and we will: centres. As part of this pledge, we will: • Measure and disclose our full operational and • Invest in our places, prioritising reduction of water • Take action to help deliver nature-positive operations technology waste impact consumption across our operations, investing in data by working to halt and reverse nature loss across our • By 2030, divert over 90 per cent of our operational and and technologies we have tested and making them key operational green spaces. This includes adopting technology waste from landfill and incineration, with a standard a recognised science-based measurement and the ambition to include construction waste when • Create partnerships to finance, invest and support water monitoring approach, exploring external better data is available reduction projects in the local community, including collaborations and partnerships, and developing • Achieve the TRUE waste certification across our larger water conservation projects an operational pollinator strategy operating sites • Support nature in our urban spaces by delivering smaller nature-positive habitats on rooftops, balconies and patios using UK native and pollinator- friendly plants to create stepping-stone habitats for urban wildlife • Bring nature closer to our people by developing engaging activities and inspiring learning experiences for our colleagues | |

Own operations continued
Short and
longer
term goals
Short term
(2024–2025)
Longer term
(2026–2030)

New operational pledges continued
Zero waste Water neutrality Bring nature closer
by 2030 by 2030 to our people
and places
• Focus on achieving our legacy commitment on • Roll out smart meters into our top water consuming sites. • Develop a 10-year biodiversity enhancement plan
operational waste (80 per cent reduction by 2025, • Develop reporting and insight on excessive water usage for our larger operational green spaces and continue
versus a 2014/15 baseline). and define a leak repairing strategy. to protect and restore nature at key sites.
• Focus on data quality, increasing granularity and • Develop our own water efficiency building standard • Focus on data monitoring and insight across our
accuracy of operational waste data, working with and embed it into the Sustainability 360 Framework estate to measure our progress and ensure we
suppliers to maximise our technology waste capture design tool. remain on track to reach our nature-positive goals.
capabilities. • Develop water offset guidelines, with the potential to • Deliver a showcase nature project at one of our large
• Develop a new recycling and single use items partner with external parties and independent bodies. green spaces.
strategy across our operations and introduce • Commence water efficiency technology retrofit across • Develop nature-positive volunteering opportunities,
circularity principle and zero waste policy for our our offices, branches and data centres. engaging activities and inspiring learning
larger sites. experiences for colleagues across our business.
• Expand external waste disclosure to include all • Deliver more nature-led urban spaces as part of
operational and technology waste. our office and branch retrofit programmes.
• Complete our first TRUE zero waste certification pilot
in one of our major offices.
• Remove single-use items from our own operations. • Define offsetting planning and phasing, and identify • Extend our pollinator strategy to support colleagues
• Embed innovation across our operations and and secure offsetting mechanisms and partners. and customers, encouraging them to take ‘microtechnology waste, with focus on recycling, data, • Explore opportunities to support colleagues and actions’ at home and make life better for all
waste audit and gamification. customers on their water reduction journey. pollinators.
• Achieve TRUE certification as part of our governance • Publish case studies and thought leadership and water • Adopt a recognised measurement and disclosure
for our larger occupied sites and embed updates into efficiency and offsetting to inspire and influence others. framework across our estate, supporting annual
our annual external disclosure. reporting and facilitating further external
• Work with suppliers to embed a materials circularity collaborations and knowledge-sharing.
principle across our goods sourcing. • Set a goal to achieve The Wildlife Trusts’ ‘Biodiversity
Benchmark’ accreditation at key sites.
• Develop and implement indoor live planting
standards across our offices, branches and
data centres.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 99
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 100]
Short and longer term goals Short term (2024–2025) Longer term (2026–2030) | | |
----------------------------------------
| Zero waste by 2030 | Water neutrality by 2030 | Bring nature closer to our people and places
| • Focus on achieving our legacy commitment on • Roll out smart meters into our top water consuming sites. • Develop a 10-year biodiversity enhancement plan operational waste (80 per cent reduction by 2025, • Develop reporting and insight on excessive water usage for our larger operational green spaces and continue versus a 2014/15 baseline). and define a leak repairing strategy. to protect and restore nature at key sites. • Focus on data quality, increasing granularity and • Develop our own water efficiency building standard • Focus on data monitoring and insight across our accuracy of operational waste data, working with and embed it into the Sustainability 360 Framework estate to measure our progress and ensure we suppliers to maximise our technology waste capture design tool. remain on track to reach our nature-positive goals. capabilities. • Develop water offset guidelines, with the potential to • Deliver a showcase nature project at one of our large • Develop a new recycling and single use items partner with external parties and independent bodies. green spaces. strategy across our operations and introduce • Commence water efficiency technology retrofit across • Develop nature-positive volunteering opportunities, circularity principle and zero waste policy for our our offices, branches and data centres. engaging activities and inspiring learning larger sites. experiences for colleagues across our business. • Expand external waste disclosure to include all • Deliver more nature-led urban spaces as part of operational and technology waste. our office and branch retrofit programmes. • Complete our first TRUE zero waste certification pilot in one of our major offices. • Remove single-use items from our own operations. • Define offsetting planning and phasing, and identify • Extend our pollinator strategy to support colleagues • Embed innovation across our operations and and secure offsetting mechanisms and partners. and customers, encouraging them to take ‘micro- technology waste, with focus on recycling, data, • Explore opportunities to support colleagues and actions’ at home and make life better for all waste audit and gamification. customers on their water reduction journey. pollinators. • Achieve TRUE certification as part of our governance • Publish case studies and thought leadership and water • Adopt a recognised measurement and disclosure for our larger occupied sites and embed updates into efficiency and offsetting to inspire and influence others. framework across our estate, supporting annual our annual external disclosure. reporting and facilitating further external • Work with suppliers to embed a materials circularity collaborations and knowledge-sharing. principle across our goods sourcing. • Set a goal to achieve The Wildlife Trusts’ ‘Biodiversity Benchmark’ accreditation at key sites. • Develop and implement indoor live planting standards across our offices, branches and data centres. | |

Our purpose in action We are transforming our operational green spaces Adopting a science-based
approach
across the UK to give nature more space to thrive.
We’re taking a science-based SDG 13.3: Improve
Since 2020, we’ve protected and restored over approach to baseline and monitor education,
awareness-raising
the biodiversity value of our key
19,000m 2 at 19 offices and two branches. operational green spaces. We’re a in n s d ti t h u u ti m on a a n l a ca nd p acity
working with ecologists and other
on climate change
trusted experts to adopt Natural mitigation,
England’s Biodiversity Metric 4.0 adaptation, impact
measurement framework to reduction and early
measure and monitor our progress. warning.
SDG 15: Protect,
In 2023, we worked closely with restore and promote
Middlemarch Environmental Ltd., sustainable use of
We are committed to bringing nature native plant species. These will bloom one of the UK’s leading ecological terrestrial
closer to our people and places, and at various points throughout the year consultancies dedicated to helping ecosystems,
to taking action to deliver nature- to provide vital foraging opportunities businesses protect the natural sustainably manage
See page 87 for details of our positive operations by halting and for urban wildlife and to extend the environment. We’ve now completed forests, combat
systems approach reversing nature loss at our key feeding season for bees, butterflies measurement activities at eight d ha es lt e a rt n ifi d c r a e t v i e o r n s , e a l n a d n d
operational green spaces. Our focus and other important pollinators. of our operational sites with green degradation and
is on increasing the area, We’ve also included various long- spaces, and have calculated each halt biodiversity loss.
connectivity and integrity of habitats flowering and berry-producing plants site’s baseline biodiversity value.
at our sites, working to protect native and hedges, such as forsythia, This included understanding its
species, including pollinators, and lavender, honeysuckle and hawthorn ecological connectivity, its
supporting ecosystem services to provide natural ‘feeding stations’ importance to local and national
across our estate. Examples of our supporting insects, pollinators, habitat restoration programmes,
work this year include: invertebrates and birds, as well and the abundance and condition of
as other wildlife that feed on these wildlife, ecosystems and ecosystem
Keens House, Andover: We have species, such as bats. services that are present on site. We
invested in nature-positive then developed 10-year biodiversity
enhancements and a new We’ve planted mature birch trees enhancement management plans
biodiversity-led outdoor colleague in the courtyard garden to provide for each site. Implementing the
collaboration space as part of additional nesting opportunities for recommendations will enable us
a refurbishment project to improve birds, and have added features such to continue to make progress and
the sustainability of Keens House, as boulders and rock beds to provide deliver measurable benefits for
our main office in Andover. The new a safe space for invertebrates to find nature by restoring and enhancing
garden space aims to support urban food and shelter, to hibernate or to our vital ecosystems and increasing
wildlife and provide a welcoming bask in the sun. The garden pathways connectivity between our operational
and accessible outdoor area for were created using self-binding sites and the surrounding
colleagues to meet, collaborate compressed gravel to provide a safe, landscapes.
and take a few moments to enjoy accessible way for people to access
the benefits of nature. the space. The small gaps in the From 2024, we’ll continue to measure
path surface will allow rainwater to and monitor the maintenance and
We have designed the garden as naturally seep through into the soil improvements of natural processes,
a vital stepping-stone habitat to beneath, helping to prevent flooding. ecosystem health and species
support nature’s recovery and abundance over time, and develop
created 200m2 of new planting The new nature-positive courtyard further action plans to ensure
beds within Andover’s urban centre. garden at Keens House aims to persistent, long-term benefits
We’ve planted the beds with a diverse provide an engaging, biodiversity- for both people and nature.
selection of over 30 different UK friendly outdoor space for all
colleagues to enjoy, and a vital
stepping-stone habitat for urban
wildlife.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 100
erutan
ot
resolC
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 101]
Overview Our purpose in action We are transforming our operational green spaces Adopting a science-based approach across the UK to give nature more space to thrive. We’re taking a science-based SDG 13.3: Improve erutan Since 2020, we’ve protected and restored over approach to baseline and monitor education, awareness-raising the biodiversity value of our key 19,000m 2 at 19 offices and two branches. operational green spaces. We’re a in n s d ti t h u u ti m on a a n l a ca nd p acity working with ecologists and other on climate change trusted experts to adopt Natural mitigation, England’s Biodiversity Metric 4.0 adaptation, impact measurement framework to reduction and early Our measure and monitor our progress. warning. Group SDG 15: Protect, In 2023, we worked closely with restore and promote strategy Middlemarch Environmental Ltd., sustainable use of We are committed to bringing nature native plant species. These will bloom one of the UK’s leading ecological terrestrial closer to our people and places, and at various points throughout the year consultancies dedicated to helping ecosystems, to taking action to deliver nature- to provide vital foraging opportunities businesses protect the natural sustainably manage See page 87 for details of our positive operations by halting and for urban wildlife and to extend the environment. We’ve now completed forests, combat systems approach reversing nature loss at our key feeding season for bees, butterflies measurement activities at eight d ha es lt e a rt n ifi d c r a e t v i e o r n s , e a l n a d n d operational green spaces. Our focus and other important pollinators. of our operational sites with green degradation and is on increasing the area, We’ve also included various long- spaces, and have calculated each halt biodiversity loss. How connectivity and integrity of habitats flowering and berry-producing plants site’s baseline biodiversity value. we at our sites, working to protect native and hedges, such as forsythia, This included understanding its deliver species, including pollinators, and lavender, honeysuckle and hawthorn ecological connectivity, its supporting ecosystem services to provide natural ‘feeding stations’ importance to local and national ot across our estate. Examples of our supporting insects, pollinators, habitat restoration programmes, work this year include: invertebrates and birds, as well and the abundance and condition of as other wildlife that feed on these wildlife, ecosystems and ecosystem Keens House, Andover: We have species, such as bats. services that are present on site. We invested in nature-positive then developed 10-year biodiversity enhancements and a new We’ve planted mature birch trees enhancement management plans Inclusive biodiversity-led outdoor colleague in the courtyard garden to provide for each site. Implementing the collaboration space as part of additional nesting opportunities for recommendations will enable us resolC a refurbishment project to improve birds, and have added features such to continue to make progress and the sustainability of Keens House, as boulders and rock beds to provide deliver measurable benefits for future our main office in Andover. The new a safe space for invertebrates to find nature by restoring and enhancing garden space aims to support urban food and shelter, to hibernate or to our vital ecosystems and increasing wildlife and provide a welcoming bask in the sun. The garden pathways connectivity between our operational and accessible outdoor area for were created using self-binding sites and the surrounding colleagues to meet, collaborate compressed gravel to provide a safe, landscapes. and take a few moments to enjoy accessible way for people to access the benefits of nature. the space. The small gaps in the From 2024, we’ll continue to measure Sustainable path surface will allow rainwater to and monitor the maintenance and We have designed the garden as naturally seep through into the soil improvements of natural processes, a vital stepping-stone habitat to beneath, helping to prevent flooding. ecosystem health and species support nature’s recovery and abundance over time, and develop created 200m2 of new planting The new nature-positive courtyard further action plans to ensure future beds within Andover’s urban centre. garden at Keens House aims to persistent, long-term benefits We’ve planted the beds with a diverse provide an engaging, biodiversity- for both people and nature. selection of over 30 different UK friendly outdoor space for all colleagues to enjoy, and a vital stepping-stone habitat for urban wildlife. Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 100 |
----------------------------------------
an See page 87 for details of our systems approach ot resolC | See page 87 for details of our systems approach

[Table 2 — Page 101]
|
----------------------------------------

Supply chain
Our supply chain emissions
result from the purchase of
goods and services across
a diverse range of categories
from IT software and hardware
through to consultancy services.
We are proactively engaging
with our suppliers to reduce
these emissions aligned to
a 1.5-degree pathway.

2023 highlights
785,237
tCO e
2022/23 carbon emissions
key suppliers assessed against our
Emerald Standard representing c.80%
of supply chain emissions and spend
2023 is the second year of our supply Following a third-party review of our methodology and
approach for calculating our supply chain emissions, we have
chain sustainability programme in which
re-calculated our baseline emissions for the period October
we have calculated and disclosed our 2021 to September 2022. A key refinement was the exclusion of
Scope 3 supply chain emissions with the VAT from our spend data used to calculate supplier emissions.
This has enabled us to calculate our October 2022 to
aim of driving a reduction in our supplier
September 2023 emissions using a consistent methodology
carbon emissions and improve their wider and make our first year-on-year comparison. We have also
ESG performance. During the year, we received limited independent assurance of these emissions
disclosures.
continued to focus our direct engagement
with suppliers who make the biggest As a result, we are reporting an increase in supply chain
emissions driven by business growth and investment to
contribution to our supply chain emissions
transform our business, resulting in increased demand for
to understand their alignment to our supplier goods and services. This highlights the challenge of
Emerald Standard requirements and future reducing supply chain emissions on an absolute basis whilst
growing our business, the need to de-couple emissions from
plans to meet it where they fall short.
spend by driving greater transparency of our suppliers’ Scope
1, 2 and relevant Scope 3 emissions and the importance of
Through this engagement we continue to see varying levels
credible transition plans. Given the diverse nature of goods
of supplier maturity and ambition in relation to calculating, and services we purchase, we also recognise that suppliers
disclosing and reducing their own emissions. Encouragingly,
operate in different sectors and the pace at which new
we have seen positive supplier progress towards meeting our
technologies become available to support their transition will
Emerald Standard but recognise the significant challenges
vary. Similarly, delivering on our ambition will also depend on
ahead in meeting our ambition. Whilst we do not have direct the action of governments including developments in public
control over our suppliers’ transition plans and associated
policy. We will continue to drive adoption of our Emerald
emissions, we remain committed to managing our demand
Standard and will evolve our approach in line with emerging
for supplier services effectively and working with suppliers
standards and best practice.
collaboratively on our shared journey to net zero.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 101
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supply chain continued
Our supply chain emissions We continue to align our supply chain emissions to the GHG
We are one year on since announcing our ambition to Protocol Scope 3 Categories 1, 2 and 4, namely: purchased
reduce supply chain emissions by 50 per cent by 2030 on goods and services, capital goods and upstream
our path to net zero by 2050, or sooner. Against our baseline transportation and distribution. Other Scope 3 categories
year, we have seen an increase in our disclosed supply are excluded from our supply chain reporting as they are
chain emissions of 16 per cent resulting from a 21 per cent reported elsewhere or not relevant to supplier activities
increase in spend with our suppliers. (for example, downstream Scope 3 categories). The only
exception is Category 8 upstream leased assets which
We have seen a 4.3 per cent reduction in the carbon contributed less than 1 per cent of in-scope supplier
intensity of our supplier spend from 169 tCO2e/£m to 161 spend in our baseline year. The emissions associated
tCO2e/£m. Analysis of our data shows this reduction is with upstream leased assets have been calculated
primarily due to inflationary adjustments to the carbon and are reported in Category 1.
emissions factors used in our calculation.
The spend-based methodology involves applying one
This highlights the limitations of a spend-based of four possible approaches to spend data.
methodology which relies on average carbon emission
factors per £1 of spend and supports our objective of • CDP supply chain allocated
moving towards supplier specific carbon emissions data. Where a supplier is part of our CDP supply chain
This will allow us to more readily assess our suppliers membership and has allocated emissions in their CDP
progress against our ambition by decoupling spend from Climate Change disclosure to the products and services
emissions, reflecting the action taken by suppliers to it provides to the Group, we use this supplier specific
decarbonise their business activities. Currently 3 per cent emissions data.
of our disclosed emissions are calculated using supplier
specific allocated emissions and a further 19 per cent by • CDP supply chain apportioned
apportioning supplier emissions disclosed via CDP. Where a supplier is part of our CDP supply chain
membership but has not been able to allocate their
Our latest disclosed supply chain emissions are calculated emissions directly to the Group, we apportion their total
from supplier spend totalling £4.9 billion (net of VAT). In the disclosed emissions based on the level of spend with
same period, we estimate there is a further c.£4.7 billion that supplier.
(including VAT)1 of spend with other third parties which
requires investigation. We have a programme of work • CDP apportioned
to assess third-party spend which is currently not captured Where a supplier is not part of our CDP supply chain
or disclosed in our supply chain reporting. In particular, membership but discloses their emissions publicly via CDP
we will consider the upstream supply chains of our vehicle we apportion their total disclosed emissions based on the
and property leasing businesses. level of spend with that supplier.
• Comprehensive Environmental Data Archive (CEDA)
Where CDP data is not available, CEDA industry factors are
applied to calculate emissions for each spend category.
CEDA is an Environmentally Extended Input-Output
database which provides carbon equivalent emission
factors per unit of spend on goods/services.
1 This spend with other third parties is before any filtering or
alignment to the GHG protocol categories.
2 √ Indicator is subject to limited ISAE 3000 (revised) assurance
by Deloitte LLP. Deloitte’s 2023 assurance statement and the
sustainability metrics basis of reporting 2023 are available
online at our download centre .

The use of CEDA factors is considered the least accurate When making a year-on-year comparison, we have seen
approach, however, to ensure emissions calculations are a 4 per cent increase in emissions calculated using CEDA
complete (in line with GHG Protocol requirements) their use factors which is consistent with a 4 per cent increase in
is considered appropriate. CDP Supply Chain allocated data spend with suppliers not disclosing Scope 1, 2 and relevant
is considered the most accurate approach at this time. The Scope 3 emissions through CDP. However, it is worth noting
proportion of the spend data and corresponding emissions that whilst emissions calculated using CEDA factors account
calculated according to each approach is summarised in for 78 per cent of emissions, they only represent 55 per cent
the table. Given the timing of CDP releasing their annual of spend. This highlights the importance of driving a shift to
supply chain data, we have used 2022 CDP supply chain more accurate emissions data that results from supplier’s
data in both our restated baseline year and our current year. calculating and disclosing their emissions inventory,
Going forward, we will use our reporting year minus one CDP coupled with credible transition plans to reduce
data (e.g. for our reporting period October 2023 to absolute emissions.
September 2024 we will use CDP 2023 data).
Scope 3 supply chain emissions (tCO2e)
Restatement Current
baseline year year
Scope 3 supply chain emissions by GHG protocol category 2021/22 2022/23
Category 1 – Purchased goods and services
(including Category 8 upstream leased assets) 557,047 640,297
Category 2 – Capital goods 61,485 76,946
Category 4 – Upstream transportation and distribution 60,794 67,994
Total 679,326 √ 785,237 √
CDP Supply Chain allocated data
Restated baseline year 2021/22 Current year 2022/23
Spend Emissions Emissions Spend Emissions Emissions
Calculation approach: selection of data sets % % (tCO2e) % % (tCO2e)
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 102
esaercnI
ycarucca
ni
CDP supply chain allocated 16% 4% 24,978 17% 3% 24,978
CDP supply chain apportioned 27% 20% 137,020 26% 18% 143,873
CDP apportioned 6% 2% 16,348 2% 1% 7,716
CEDA 51% 74% 500,980 55% 78% 608,670
100% 100% 679,326 100% 100% 785,237
More details on this methodology, our assumptions and selected data sets are provided in the Group’s sustainability metrics basis of reporting.
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 103]
Scope 3 supply chain emissions (tCO2e) |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 103]
CDP Supply Chain allocated data |
----------------------------------------

Supply chain continued
Our Emerald Standard requirements
Our Emerald Standard is the Group’s supplier sustainability standard. We ask our key suppliers to:
CDP climate change Science-aligned targets
• Submit an annual public response to CDP’s climate • Set science-aligned targets, reducing emissions
change questionnaire in line with limiting global warming to 1.5°C
• Achieve at least a B score from CDP for their response • Have targets which cover Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
• Disclose Scope 1, 2 and applicable Scope 3 carbon
emissions
ESG scorecard
• Have a valid EcoVadis ESG scorecard (or similar)
Net zero commitment and achieve at least a ‘silver’ level rating
• Have their own public ambition to achieve net zero
by 2050 with interim targets to reduce carbon emissions
by 2030, or sooner.
• A net zero target that covers Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
Annual assessment
of key suppliers:
36 out of 152 suppliers
met the requirements
of our Emerald
Standard in 2023

Progress across our key suppliers
Requirements Movement 2023 insight
Of which, 66 per cent of
suppliers disclose Scope
CDP climate change: emissions disclosure 1, 2 and 3 emissions
Greater transparency of our supply chain emissions
2023 137
+32%
2022 104
Of which, 68 per cent
cover Scope 1, 2 and 3
Net zero commitment emissions
More than half of our key suppliers have a net zero
commitment
2023 98
+42%
2022 69
Of which, 72 per cent
cover Scope 1, 2 and 3
Science-aligned targets emissions
More than half of our key suppliers have
science-aligned targets
2023 96
+37%
2022 70
68 per cent achieved at
least a silver level rating
ESG scorecard
EcoVadis network expansion
2023 120
+14%
2022 105
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 103
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 104]
2022 | 104
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 104]
2022 | 69
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 104]
2022 | 70
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 104]
2022 | 105
----------------------------------------

Supply chain continued
Engagement strategy
In 2023, we expanded the rollout of our Emerald Standard 152
engaging with 152 suppliers, an increase of 24 per cent from
2022. These suppliers represent circa 80 per cent of our Suppliers assessed against
supply chain spend and emissions in the scope of our our Emerald Standard
disclosure made in February 2023.
representing c.80% of supply
chain spend and emissions
We took the opportunity at the beginning of 2023 to review
our Emerald Standard which led to amending the
requirement for suppliers to have a CDP score of at least
A- to a score of B. We took this decision as we recognise 95%
achieving an A- score was more difficult for smaller
organisations and balances the need for attaining a level
of supplier and sourcing
of quality in responses with being inclusive. A score of B
represents a challenge for the broader supply market managers completed
to achieve and we will keep this under review. training on our Emerald
Standard
We started the year by engaging with the CEOs, CSOs and
executives accountable for ESG of these key suppliers,
reinforcing the importance of engaging and collaborating
with us on our collective journey to net zero. In June we held
our second supply chain sustainability summit hosted by
our Chief Procurement Officer, providing a platform to share
information on our own supplier activities, our supplier
programme and climate transition plans. This included 191
external delegates representing 105 different third-party
organisations who joined the online virtual event.
Additionally, to drive greater adoption of our Emerald relevant supplier and sourcing managers to build their
To further our understanding of our suppliers’ own climate Standard, we have enhanced the sustainability questions confidence and understanding of the requirements. By
change ambitions and strategies, we had structured in our supplier request for proposal templates to ensure the end of November, 95 per cent of these colleagues had
conversations with 143 of these key suppliers during the sustainability is given consideration in the sourcing process, completed the training.
course of 2023. We outlined our ambition and expectations recognising the importance of including sustainability
encapsulated by our Emerald Standard. This included in our supplier selection decisions. We also developed Whilst recognising there is more to do to drive environmental
an evaluation of their progress towards meeting our a sustainability schedule which embeds our Emerald sustainability in our supply chain we were delighted to have
requirements and future plans where they fell short. Standard principles and requirements into supplier been shortlisted for the Chartered Institute of Procurement
contracts. The objective is to include this into master and Supply (CIPS) Excellence Procurement 2023 Awards
We saw an increase in engagement across our key 152 services agreements with our 152 suppliers, who complete and the World Sustainability Awards 2023.
suppliers. In our second year as a CDP Supply Chain Emerald Standard Assessments, at the point of renewal. We
Member 90 per cent of our 152 suppliers disclosed via CDP continue to capture learnings from this activity to inform our We recognise there is more to do to improve our disclosures
and 79 per cent were rated through the EcoVadis platform. approach going forward and future options to incentivise and reduce the emissions that our supplier activities
adoption of our Emerald Standard with our suppliers. generate. In 2024 we will be focusing on understanding
In November we carried out a final validation of our key emissions associated with suppliers which are currently
suppliers’ progress towards meeting our Emerald Standard The Emerald Standard concepts are pivotal to meeting outside the scope of our disclosure and any resulting
based on their 2023 CDP Climate Change disclosure and our ambition to reduce supply chain emissions and we impact on our ambition to reduce our supply chain
latest EcoVadis scorecards. At that time, CDP had not recognise the importance of building the capacity and emissions.
published their 2023 disclosure ratings however using capabilities of colleagues who engage more widely with
their 2022 CDP scores 36 suppliers have been assessed prospective and existing suppliers through their day-to-day We will also continue our engagement with our key
as meeting our Emerald Standard requirements. roles. In 2023 we rolled out a suite of E-learning modules to suppliers, driving Emerald Standard adoption.

143 of our key suppliers
shared insights on their
sustainability plans.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 104
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Supply chain continued
Data Financial planning and controls
considerations
How climate is factored into our internal Financial statement preparation includes consideration
of the impact of climate change on the Group’s financial
reporting and planning process
position. While the effects of climate change represent
Climate considerations form part of our planning and
a source of uncertainty, the Group does not consider there
forecasting activities. We consider climate effects in our
to be a material short-term impact on its estimates for
base case economic scenario and forecast financed
climate-related risks.
emissions alongside climate risks and opportunities within
the Group’s four-year financial plan, primarily conducted
An assessment was performed of the Group’s internallyacross three key areas.
generated economic scenarios used in the measurement
of expected credit losses against external scenarios
Our financial planning process acknowledges the published by the NGFS.
dependencies on both external factors such as policies,
technology developments and customer behaviour. We
For further details of how scenario analysis was used to
continue to monitor the impact of these external factors
support our impairment assessments in 2023 see annual
on our Group ambitions and targets alongside working in
report and accounts 2023 page 156.
partnership with our customers and other stakeholders to
Access to good quality climate and environment data is key To address some of these data challenges we are building achieve our common goal of achieving net zero by 2050.
There is no material impact assessed on the Group’s
to addressing the challenges and opportunities associated a strategic, cloud-based ESG data solution. This will help
financial position or performance as at 31 December 2023.
with the transition to net zero. With 26 million customers create a single source of truth for ESG data in the Group How finance is supporting the Bank’s
across all sectors of the UK economy, the Group faces in an automated way, enhancing controls and consistency. reporting of climate-related matters We are continuing to increase the scope of our emissions
a number of challenges to ensure we have the right data Data utilised on this platform will extend beyond the use
1. Forecasting our Bank financed emissions to 2030 for our forecasting to cover more of our balance sheet, leveraging
to support our activities. These challenges can include of climate data used for regulatory reporting, allowing us to
high-carbon-intensive sectors, along with our supply our forecasting process and capabilities to track progress
accessing data for specific high carbon sectors (e.g. better support our customers and their net zero ambitions.
chain and own operations. against our published sector targets.
agriculture, see page 142 for related data challenges), Examples of data identified for inclusion includes energy
2. Building the capability to report our financed emissions
data for specific initiatives such as in support of our performance certificates (EPC) for buildings and CDP and sustainable lending and investments progress on We regularly track sustainability-related investment across
credible transition plan assessments, as well as ingestion submissions. Additionally, we are exploring the use of AI
a quarterly basis, to support balance scorecard tracking. key climate, nature and social initiatives through direct
of a significant number of differing data sources to obtain to create insights from unstructured data.
With this process aligned to Board risk appetite metrics. engagement with business unit teams ensuring alignment
a view of our portfolio.
3. Implementing a number of climate-related controls in and prioritisation with our strategic objectives. As part of
relation to the calculation and reporting of financed this, the Group has dedicated investment of c.£40 million
Additionally when utilising data we are regularly working to
emissions and related regulatory disclosures. to support our customers’ transition in 2024, in addition to
improve data quality, timeliness and fragmentation, as well
4. Continuing to develop the Group’s investment planning the day-to-day activities integrated into business-as-usual.
as ensuring calculation methods are robust and up to date.
capabilities to progress our climate ambitions and Regular monitoring of our sustainability-related investment
Due to the breadth of our business activities, we must also
targets: reducing the emissions we finance, reducing across the Group aligns our financial goals with our
contend with a constantly evolving landscape of
the emissions from our suppliers and supporting our purpose, supporting the ability to measure progress
frameworks and standardisation. We carefully select and
net zero own operations footprint. and delivery.
utilise the most relevant ones to our business, for example,
the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF),
so that we can accurately gauge and communicate the
quality of our emissions calculations.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 105
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Banking
activities
As part of our overall ambition
to reach net zero by 2050
or sooner, we set ourselves
the ambition to work with
customers, government and
the market to help reduce the
carbon emissions we finance by
more than 50 per cent by 2030.

2023 highlights
97%
proportion of Bank assets
in-scope of PCAF which have
emissions calculated
Our bank lending
activity is responsible
for the largest share
of our Group financed
emissions and is
a key area of focus
Our priority is to be a constructive partner
in the transition that supports our clients for us in supporting
throughout their own transition journeys.
the transition to a low
Unless otherwise stated, disclosures in this section from
carbon economy.
pages 106 to 159 are not applicable to our Scottish Widows
assets and liabilities. See page 160 for Scottish Widows
disclosures.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 106
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Banking activities continued Our financed emissions and UK sector exposure4
Our UK exposure
Sustainable
farming
and food
More than 70 per cent of our banking portfolio’s
financed emissions are covered by the systems in UK emissions1,2
focus in our environmental sustainability strategy.
11.2%0.3%
However, the emissions profile of our portfolio does
not mirror the profile of the wider UK economy. Our Bank financed
proportion of emissions is higher for systems such as emissions
27.3%
agriculture and the built environment, systems that
are challenging to decarbonise and transition.
Energy
In this context we must consider We recognise that as much as we
the role we can play and the factors can achieve through our own lending
transition
which impact how we can work to decisions, we cannot achieve our
reach our climate ambition, while ambitions alone. Transitioning to
continuing to support the UK as it net zero is a universal endeavour and
decarbonises. will depend on government, industry
and wider society acting together,
As part of our overall ambition to alongside significant technology
UK emissions1,2,3
reach net zero by 2050 or sooner, advancements in high-emitting
we set ourselves the ambition to work sectors.
20.4%
with customers, government and the
market to help reduce the carbon Further, industry standards such Bank financed
emissions we finance by more than as the Partnership for Carbon emissions
50 per cent by 2030. Accounting Financials (PCAF) and 1.8%
Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA)
Our aim is to be a constructive continue to evolve. This makes it
partner in the transition that supports difficult to fully understand our true
our clients throughout their own baseline emissions and the progress All UK emissions1,2
transition journeys. Where we don’t towards our target, and it will likely
see the level of commitment or result in restatement of our emissions other 33.9% 11.6%
progress we believe is necessary to position in the future. To address this,
keep key climate ambitions within the Group has continued to provide Bank financed
reach, we reserve the right to change our insights and contribute to emissions
or exit those relationships. methodology development of PCAF 27.3%
and NZBA guidelines and standards
through consultations and working
groups.

Greening
the built
environment
UK emissions1,2
16.3% 6.6%
Bank financed
emissions
27.3%
Low carbon
transport
UK emissions1,2
18.2% 1.9%
Bank financed
emissions
16.4%
UK sector emission (339.6 MtCO2e)
UK energy supply emissions (86.9 MtCO2e)
Bank emissions (22.0 MtCO2e)
1 Department for Business Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) – 2021 UK Greenhouse Gas
Emissions, final figures.
2 UK emissions from 2021, including energy supply, were: 85.7 MtCO2e from cars, vans and buses;
97.3 MtCO2e for residential categories; 49.2 MtCO2e from agriculture; and 194.2 MtCO2e from other
business.
3 Emissions for the Energy transition system relate to UK energy supply emissions including
emissions from power generation and fuel supply. Total UK energy supply emissions (20.4 per
cent) are equal to the sum of UK energy supply emissions across all systems.
4 Figures are illustrative for comparison purposes due to differing methodologies and data sets.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 107
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 9 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 11 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------

Banking activities continued
Engagement strategy
Partnerships and initiatives United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking
We will continue to play our role in supporting the transition Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) (UNPRB)
to net zero by partnering with businesses, industry groups The Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI), launched by His The Group became a member of the UNPRB in 2019 in order
and other organisations as they increase their own Majesty The King when he was Prince of Wales in 2020, has to support the banking industry accelerate its contribution
capabilities and skills. Here are some of our current the mission to coordinate the private sector in accelerating to achieving society’s goals as expressed in the UN
initiatives and partnerships; for those sectors where we have the achievement of global climate, biodiversity and UN Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris Agreement.
set targets, specific activity is covered in the relevant section Sustainable Development Goal targets. We are an active
of this transition plan and in the wider report. member of the Financial Services Task Force, including the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ)
Nature Workstream and the Agribusiness Task Force, having We became members of GFANZ in 2021 through our Aldersgate Group
Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) joined the latter in 2023. participation in the NZBA. We have used GFANZ guidance on Aldersgate Group is a multi-stakeholder alliance
championing a competitive and environmentallyThe Bank became a founding member of the NZBA in April transition plans in developing our first Group climate
sustainable economy that advocates the business case for
2021 and continues to implement the guidance, supported World Business Council for Sustainable Development transition plan and will continue to monitor and contribute
decarbonising the UK economy, improving resource
by new resource and expertise recruited into the business. In (WBCSD) to GFANZ activity in this area. We have contributed to
efficiency and investing in the natural environment through
2023, we participated in focus groups working with other The WBCSD is an organisation of over 200 businesses GFANZ’s consultation on Defining Transition Finance and
targeted political engagement and policy development.
NZBA members to review and update the NZBA Guidelines around the world, which works to achieve the UN Sustainable Considerations for Decarbonisation Contribution
The Group joined in 2020.
for Target Setting for Banks, as well as contributing to sector Development Goals through the transformation of Methodologies.
papers on emerging best practices, in automotive, power economic systems. The Group joined the Council in summer
and commercial real estate. We are reviewing how best to 2023 in order to support its sustainability ambitions, Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) Green Finance Institute (GFI)
contribute to the individual NZBA workstreams going becoming a full member and committing to meet the high PCAF is a global partnership of financial institutions that We continue to contribute to the GFI’s Coalition for the
forward, as we further develop approaches to sector- standards the Council has for its members. work together to develop and implement a harmonised Energy Efficiency of Buildings (CEEB) aimed at developing
specific issues. approach to assess and disclose the greenhouse gas (GHG) the market for financing a net zero carbon and climate
emissions associated with their loans and investments. resilient built environment in the UK initially by catalysing the
Lloyds Banking Group joined PCAF in September 2020 and is widespread retrofitting of residential buildings. We also
also a member of the regional group PCAF UK. continue to contribute to the GFI’s Coalition for the
Decarbonisation of Road Transport (CDRT), which is focused
on charging infrastructure, consumer finance and leasing
Banking for Impact on Climate in Agriculture (B4ICA)
and battery technology and recycling. We became a
The Bank joined B4ICA, which was formed in 2021, to
member of the Group of Financial Institutions for Nature
collaborate with other agriculture industry stakeholders to
(G-FIN) in July 2023 in order to identify barriers to UK
help develop solutions to better measure agricultural
government ambitions on increasing private investment in
carbon emissions at a farm/producer level, which will
nature based solutions.
further aid development of solutions to manage those
emissions.
Equator Principles
Lloyds Banking Group is a signatory to the Equator Principles,
which is a risk management framework for determining,
assessing and managing environmental and social risk in
project finance transactions, such as large-scale energy,
industrial or infrastructure projects.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 108
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Banking activities continued
Nature and just transition
Nature For example, we have joined a bank-specific working group
As part of the Bank nature materiality assessment (see aimed at addressing risks and opportunities in the
page 93) we recognise that deforestation is a critical issue agricultural sector. The working group is convened by the
linked to both climate change and nature loss, as well as World Economic Forum’s Tropical Forest Alliance (TFA)
impacting indigenous people and local communities. This finance sector engagement team.
year we carried out an initial high-level assessment using
Global Canopy’s High Risk Deforestation sectors1 to better An initial assessment was carried out to understand risks
understand the exposure to high-risk deforestation and opportunities within the Commercial Bank’s Agriculture
sub-sectors within our Commercial Banking portfolio. portfolio. Initial results suggest that climate change is a
We are planning more detailed analysis in 2024 and are priority impact, and examples of priority dependencies
engaged in industry initiatives aiming to make progress include disease and pest control, healthy soils and flood/
towards halting and reversing deforestation and land drought mitigation.
conversion.
An initial deep-dive assessment was carried out to help us
identify a set of key metrics enabling the measurement of
nature-related impacts, dependencies, and begin to assess
risks and opportunities for a portion of the Agriculture
portfolio.
See page 87 for details of our
systems approach Just transition
Ensuring we are transitioning to a more sustainable
economy in a fair and just way possible is key to our
purpose in Helping Britain Prosper. We are embedding ‘just
transition’ considerations in various parts of the Group
already, such as within our target setting and Credible
Transition Plan (CTP) approaches (see page 116 for more
information) and supporting our clients to embed the
principles within their own corporate strategies. Just
transition is one of our key cross-cutting themes within our
strategy, so throughout 2024 we will continue to identify,
implement and embed just transition considerations across
the Group, using the external guidance and frameworks we
have contributed to, as a guide in doing so.
1 Global Canopy guidance.

Our purpose in action
Soil Association Exchange
We have partnered with the Soil Association Exchange
to offer a free in person consultancy service on farm
for 1,000 of our larger agricultural clients.
The consultants support across six different
sustainability areas, of which three are focused on
nature: soil health, water and biodiversity. They also
measure baseline across each of these areas, and share
recommendations and create an action plan and
roadmap alongside our clients in these areas.
Alongside this, we have launched a free digital interface
of this service via a website and app providing farmers
with support across these six areas.
SDG 13.3: Improve
education,
awareness-raising
and human and
institutional capacity
on climate change
mitigation,
adaptation, impact
reduction and early
warning.
SDG 15: Protect,
restore and promote
sustainable use of
terrestrial ecosystems,
sustainably manage
forests, combat
desertification, and
halt and reverse land
degradation and halt
biodiversity loss.
SDG 17.7: Encourage
and promote
effective public,
public-private and
civil society
partnerships,
building on the
See page 87 for details of our
experience and
systems approach
resourcing strategies
of partnerships.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 109
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 110]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 110]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 3 — Page 110]
| |
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 110]
|
----------------------------------------

Banking activities continued Exposure to customers in sectors with increased climate risk (£m)
Concentrations of exposure1 Sectors with Increased climate risk2
Bank lending
Agriculture5
Agriculture, forestry and fishing Fishing
Forestry
to customers Total
Coal Mining
Construction Housebuilders
in sectors with Oil and gas
Other construction
Not assessed as increased risk
Total
increased
Utilities
Energy and water supply Not assessed as increased risk
Total
climate risk
Automotive
Financial, business Real estate
and other services Not assessed as increased risk
Total
Automotive
Manufacturing Construction materials, chemicals and stee
Our lending portfolio means our biggest manufacture
Food manufacturing and wholesalers
exposure to sectors at increased climate risk General manufacturing
is in relation to our residential mortgages Oil and gas
Not assessed as increased risk
and our real estate sector. Total
Not assessed as increased risk
Postal and telecommunications Total
Real estate6
Property companies Total
Automotive
Transport, distribution Industrial transport
and hotels Oil and gas
Passenger transport
Not assessed as increased risk
Total
Increased risk
Retail (mortgages and other) Not assessed as increased risk
Total
Increased risk
Lease financing and hire purchase Total
1 Based on the standard European nomenclature of productive activities
Total loans and advances to customers before
(NACE codes) as presented within the Lloyds Banking Group annual
report and accounts 2023, notes to the consolidated financial allowance for impairment losses and off-BS
statements (note 52: Financial risk management, (B) Concentrations of Total
exposure).
Not assessed as increased risk
2 Based on standard industrial classification (SIC) codes.
3 Lending is based on total loans and advances to customers before Total
allowance for impairment losses. Total assessed as increased risk
4 Off-BS (off balance sheet) includes total commitments, guarantees and
contingent liabilities. Oil and gas
5 Agriculture includes Scottish Widows loans held via securitisation. Subtotal of sectors spanning multiple industries Automotive
6 Real estate includes social housing and loans held via securitisation. Real estate

31 December 2023 31 December 2022
Increased Increased
Total climate risk Total climate risk
Lending3 Off-BS4 exposure % of Group Lending3 Off-BS4 exposure % of Group
6,968 680 7,648 7,420 821 8,241
58 3 61 18 3 21
12 8 20 9 8 17
7,038 691 7,729 1.3% 7,447 832 8,279 1.4%
- - - - - -
993 1,484 2,477 347 1,441 1,788
240 1,180 1,420 675 1,265 1,940
2,553 1,010 3,563 2,998 974 3,972
92 41 133 46 43 89
3,878 3,715 7,593 1.2% 4,066 3,723 7,789 1.3%
2,964 5,389 8,353 2,234 4,445 6,679
504 1,065 1,569 318 957 1,275
3,468 6,454 9,922 1.4% 2,552 5,402 7,954 1.1%
574 506 1,080 370 554 924
- 27 27 152 584 736
34,538 29,026 63,564 37,144 27,802 64,946
35,112 29,559 64,671 0.2% 37,666 28,940 66,606 0.3%
711 2,556 3,267 173 1,888 2,061
el 324 203 527 262 280 542
1,019 739 1,758 1,218 832 2,050
1,796 2,860 4,656 1,581 2,492 4,073
1 27 28 13 111 124
170 992 1,162 372 288 660
4,021 7,377 11,398 1.7% 3,619 5,891 9,510 1.5%
2,654 2,979 5,633 2,526 2,450 4,976
2,654 2,979 5,633 0.0% 2,526 2,450 4,976 0.0%
20,904 7,637 28,541 21,499 7,405 28,904
20,904 7,637 28,541 4.8% 21,499 7,405 28,904 4.8%
1,917 2,316 4,233 1,898 2,520 4,418
1,118 780 1,898 1,077 666 1,743
100 9 109 137 43 180
449 972 1,421 1,200 1,002 2,202
6,460 4,984 11,444 8,858 5,143 14,001
10,044 9,061 19,105 1.3% 13,170 9,374 22,544 1.4%
323,777 13,626 337,403 324,012 17,150 341,162
25,192 64,491 89,683 26,065 64,907 90,972
348,969 78,117 427,086 56.3% 350,077 82,057 432,134 56.3%
17,374 578 17,952 16,795 707 17,502
17,374 578 17,952 3.0% 16,795 707 17,502 2.9%
453,462 146,168 599,630 71.1% 459,417 146,781 606,198 70.8%
(69,610) (103,578) (173,188) (75,329) (101,590) (176,919)
383,852 42,590 426,442 384,088 45,191 429,279
341 1,216 1,557 0.3% 825 1,419 2,244 0.4%
3,202 5,378 8,580 1.4% 2,441 4,962 7,403 1.2%
20,904 7,664 28,568 4.8% 21,651 7,989 29,640 4.9%
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 110
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 111]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 111]
7,038 | 691 | 7,729 | 1.3%
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 111]
7,447 | 832 | 8,279 | 1.4%
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 111]
3,878 | 3,715 | 7,593 | 1.2%
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 111]
4,066 | 3,723 | 7,789 | 1.3%
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 111]
3,468 | 6,454 | 9,922 | 1.4%
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 111]
2,552 | 5,402 | 7,954 | 1.1%
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 111]
35,112 | 29,559 | 64,671 | 0.2%
----------------------------------------

[Table 9 — Page 111]
37,666 | 28,940 | 66,606 | 0.3%
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 111]
4,021 | 7,377 | 11,398 | 1.7%
----------------------------------------

[Table 11 — Page 111]
3,619 | 5,891 | 9,510 | 1.5%
----------------------------------------

[Table 12 — Page 111]
2,654 | 2,979 | 5,633 | 0.0%
----------------------------------------

[Table 13 — Page 111]
2,526 | 2,450 | 4,976 | 0.0%
----------------------------------------

[Table 14 — Page 111]
20,904 | 7,637 | 28,541 | 4.8%
----------------------------------------

[Table 15 — Page 111]
21,499 | 7,405 | 28,904 | 4.8%
----------------------------------------

[Table 16 — Page 111]
10,044 | 9,061 | 19,105 | 1.3%
----------------------------------------

[Table 17 — Page 111]
13,170 | 9,374 | 22,544 | 1.4%
----------------------------------------

[Table 18 — Page 111]
348,969 | 78,117 | 427,086 | 56.3%
----------------------------------------

[Table 19 — Page 111]
350,077 | 82,057 | 432,134 | 56.3%
----------------------------------------

[Table 20 — Page 111]
17,374 | 578 | 17,952 | 3.0%
----------------------------------------

[Table 21 — Page 111]
16,795 | 707 | 17,502 | 2.9%
----------------------------------------

[Table 22 — Page 111]
Total
----------------------------------------


[Table 23 — Page 111]
383,852 | 42,590 | 426,442 |
----------------------------------------
| | |

[Table 24 — Page 111]
384,088 | 45,191 | 429,279 |
----------------------------------------
| | |

Banking activities continued
Analysis by IFRS 9 expected credit loss Exposure to customers in sectors with increased climate risk (£m) – 31 December 2023
stage and maturity for lending made to
In Scope lending by credit loss stage In Scope lending by maturity
sectors classified as being at increased
Greater
climate risk. Less than One to five than five
Concentrations of exposure Sectors with Increased climate risk Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total one year years years Total
Agriculture 6,017 645 306 6,968 1,493 1,697 3,778 6,968
Agriculture, forestry and fishing Fishing 50 7 1 58 12 14 32 58
Forestry 10 2 - 12 2 3 7 12
Total 6,077 654 307 7,038 1,507 1,714 3,817 7,038
Coal mining – – – – – – – –
Construction Housebuilders 493 383 117 993 596 357 40 993
Oil and gas 181 56 3 240 144 86 10 240
Other construction 1,647 591 315 2,553 1,532 918 103 2,553
Total 2,321 1,030 435 3,786 2,272 1,361 153 3,786
Utilities 2,926 38 - 2,964 989 1,249 726 2,964
Energy and water supply Total 2,926 38 - 2,964 989 1,249 726 2,964
Automotive 571 2 1 574 338 201 35 574
Financial, business and other services Total 571 2 1 574 338 201 35 574
Automotive 702 8 1 711 485 190 36 711
Manufacturing Construction materials, chemicals and steel 249 72 3 324 222 86 16 324
manufacture
Food manufacturing and wholesalers 847 169 3 1,019 695 272 52 1,019
General manufacturing 1,453 232 111 1,796 1,225 480 91 1,796
Oil and gas 1 – – 1 1 – – 1
Total 3,252 481 118 3,851 2,628 1,028 195 3,851
Real estate 18,195 2,307 402 20,904 8,632 9,231 3,041 20,904
Property companies Total 18,195 2,307 402 20,904 8,632 9,231 3,041 20,904
Automotive 1,751 125 41 1,917 1,049 706 162 1,917
Transport, distribution Industrial transport 938 150 30 1,118 611 412 95 1,118
and hotels Oil and gas 100 - – 100 54 37 9 100
Passenger transport 389 45 15 449 246 165 38 449
Total 3,178 320 86 3,584 1,960 1,320 304 3,584
Increased risk 274,205 42,382 7,190 323,777 15,258 55,770 252,749 323,777
Residential (mortgages and other)1 Total 274,205 42,382 7,190 323,777 15,258 55,770 252,749 323,777
Increased risk 14,886 2,368 120 17,374 5,284 11,679 411 17,374
Lease financing and hire purchase Total 14,886 2,368 120 17,374 5,284 11,679 411 17,374
Total assessed as increased risk 325,611 49,582 8,659 383,852 38,868 83,553 261,431 383,852
Oil and gas 282 56 3 341 199 123 19 341
Subtotal of sectors spanning multiple industries Automotive 3,024 135 43 3,202 1,872 1,097 233 3,202
Real estate 18,195 2,307 402 20,904 8,632 9,231 3,041 20,904
1 Residential (mortgages and other) includes POCI (purchased or
originated credit-impaired, £1.8 billion Stage 1, £3.3 billion Stage 2 and
£2.8 billion Stage 3)
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 111
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 112]
6,077 | 654 | 307 | 7,038
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 112]
1,507 | 1,714 | 3,817 | 7,038
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 112]
2,321 | 1,030 | 435 | 3,786
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 112]
2,272 | 1,361 | 153 | 3,786
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 112]
2,926 | 38 | - | 2,964
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 112]
989 | 1,249 | 726 | 2,964
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 112]

----------------------------------------


[Table 8 — Page 112]
571 | 2 | 1 | 574
----------------------------------------

[Table 9 — Page 112]
338 | 201 | 35 | 574
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 112]
3,252 | 481 | 118 | 3,851
----------------------------------------

[Table 11 — Page 112]
2,628 | 1,028 | 195 | 3,851
----------------------------------------

[Table 12 — Page 112]
18,195 | 2,307 | 402 | 20,904
----------------------------------------

[Table 13 — Page 112]
8,632 | 9,231 | 3,041 | 20,904
----------------------------------------

[Table 14 — Page 112]
3,178 | 320 | 86 | 3,584
----------------------------------------

[Table 15 — Page 112]
1,960 | 1,320 | 304 | 3,584
----------------------------------------

[Table 16 — Page 112]
274,205 | 42,382 | 7,190 | 323,777
----------------------------------------

[Table 17 — Page 112]
15,258 | 55,770 | 252,749 | 323,777
----------------------------------------

[Table 18 — Page 112]
14,886 | 2,368 | 120 | 17,374
----------------------------------------

[Table 19 — Page 112]
5,284 | 11,679 | 411 | 17,374
----------------------------------------

[Table 20 — Page 112]
325,611 | 49,582 | 8,659 | 383,852
----------------------------------------

[Table 21 — Page 112]
38,868 | 83,553 | 261,431 | 383,852
----------------------------------------

Transition
plan by
system
We recognise that ambition alone
will not support the transition or
deliver on our purpose of Helping
Britain Prosper. We need a plan
to deliver on our strategy.

2023 highlights
83%
of our in-scope of PCAF
bank lending are covered
by NZBA targets
new NZBA targets launched
in 2024
£2.9bn
of drawn lending was assessed
under our credible transition
plan framework
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 112
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Transition plan by system continued
Scenario and reference pathway
Target-setting approach
We have used three climate scenarios and related scenario Just transition
pathways as a foundation to create reference pathways.
The reference pathway is calculated by rescaling the
Just Transition is one of the key cross-cutting themes
scenario pathway to our banking portfolio for the sector,
that informed our environmental sustainability
such that it is equal to our NZBA target baseline emissions in
strategy and the principles of which have informed
the base year.
our sector targets and CTPs.
We seek to understand and target our To date we have developed 10 sector targets, including our 1) The International Energy Agency Net Zero Emissions
new targets for agriculture, commercial and residential real Specifically, when setting our NZBA sector-based
emissions from our banking activity using a 2050 (IEA NZE 2050) for sectors where our portfolio
estate (C&RRE), and road passenger transport. In setting our targets and identifying and assessing the strategic
systems-based approach with targets to targets we have determined the key actions we will take to clients or their main activities have a global or regional levers and actions we are going to take to achieve
focus beyond the UK. IEA NZE 2050 is adjusted using
2030 for many of our most carbon-intensive work towards achieving them based on the levers available them, Just Transition considerations are prioritised
Transition Pathway Initiative methodology for the
sectors. This approach informs and builds today and expected future changes in the market, as creation of an OECD scenario for the power generation and used to determine if a lever should be included
determined in our system-aligned transition plans. Each of or excluded.
on our commitment to reach net zero by sector.
the sector targets has some degree of challenge to ensure
2050 or sooner. we remain ambitious. Initial views from the sectors for which In addition to Just Transition being central to our
2) The UK Climate Change Committee’s Balanced Net
we have now set targets indicate that there are significant purpose, values and strategy, we have also
Zero Pathway (CCC BNZP) from the Sixth Carbon Budget
challenges and external dependencies in many of them developed specific guidance being used within a
for sectors where clients or customers were primarily
that will need to be addressed for us to achieve our targets number of processes and decision-making areas
UK-focused.
and suggest we may need to go further in some areas to across the organisation, such as within place-based
achieve our overarching 50 per cent emission reduction investment decisions to support clients and their
3) The IEA Energy Technology Perspectives 2020 (IEA ETP
ambition. We expect our view to evolve as we set additional transitions to net zero. The development of our
2020) for the aviation transportation subsector. The IEA
targets and where a gap remains we will assess whether we sustainable financing framework launched in 2024,
NZE 2050 and CCC BNZP scenarios seek to limit global
will take mitigating steps. also aligns with Just Transition principles, as it
warming to 1.5°C by the end of the century and
includes social eligibility criteria to support and
encompass little to no overshoot, with low reliance on
It should also be noted that the baseline, pathways and promote our financing of activities and opportunities
negative emissions technologies. The IEA ETP 2020
targets may be subject to change as data availability and that seek to achieve positive social outcomes for
scenario seeks to limit global warming to well below 2°C
granularity improve, scenario pathways are updated, and target populations. Target populations include but
by the end of the century and is only being used for the broader regulatory and industry environment evolves. are not limited to those living below the poverty line,
aviation where the near-term challenges in
We continue to enhance our climate data capabilities to people with disabilities and unemployed people.
decarbonising the sector indicate achieving an aviation
address these challenges by expanding our sources of data
portfolio 1.5°C target by 2030 is unlikely.
and developing partnerships to increase the amount of Central to enabling a Just Transition to a low carbon
client-level data that is available. This year we have economy is that workers in high carbon sectors are
recalculated our baseline emissions due to the availability Methodology and data selection supported to reskill to work in new low carbon
of new and restated data to provide the most up-to-date We have continued to apply the emerging industry industries. Building on our work as part of the
view of our current (and historical) financed emissions. This standard developed by the Partnership for Carbon transition plan taskforce (TPT) Just Transition working
has resulted in an update to our existing targets released in Accounting Financials (PCAF) for measuring and disclosing group, we plan to integrate the TPT guidance on Just
2021 and 2022 except for UK homes and thermal coal. Details financed emissions. We have used the same PCAF Transition (as well as nature and adaptation) into our
of these updates are explained in our sector progress for approach when developing baseline emissions estimates approach for assessing our clients’ credible transition
each system covered in this transition plan section of our for our targets and have also used client-related targets plans over time.
and commitments where relevant to inform our targetreport.
setting activity. Please refer to our sustainability metrics
basis of reporting for further details. Our transition plan
Sector selection
progress highlights the reference and relevant scenario
We have prioritised setting our targets on fossil fuel sectors
£375.8bn pathway performance alongside our targets.
and other carbon-intensive sectors covering the majority of
See page 93 to 94 for an
the Bank’s portfolio emissions in accordance with the NZBA
of our lending has an overview of just transition
guidelines. Our targets are summarised on page 114.
associated NZBA target
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 113
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Transition plan by system continued
NZBA sector target summary
Our target
Total sector % of sector Divergence
Baseline lending 2022 under NZBA from
summary System and target5 year of target (£bn) target in 2022 Target baseline6 2022 Target progress6 pathway7
Greening the built environment
UK mortgages – 41% reduction in emissions intensity to 28kgCO2e/m2 by 2030 2020 312.4 100% 46kgCO2e/m2 √ 44kgCO2e/m2 √ -0.1%
Commercial and residential real estate (C&RRE)8 – 48% reduction in emissions intensity to
24kgCO2e/m2 by 2030 2021 24.3 86% 45kgCO2e/m2 √ 45kgCO2e/m2 8 2.9%
Based on 2022 total Group assets of £877.8 billion,
Low carbon transport
approximately £544.7 billion of assets (excluding pension
and investment balances) are in scope of Partnership for Retail motor – Reduce the emissions intensity of our cars and vans
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) methodology. We by more than 50% by 2030, reaching: 2018 19.2 91%
have calculated emissions for 97 per cent of our Bank assets 75gCO2e/km or lower (cars) 150gCO2e/km (cars) √ 143gCO2e/km (cars) √ 9.1% 9
in-scope of PCAF, including cash.
99gCO2e/km or lower (vans) 198gCO2e/km (vans) √ 190gCO2e/km (vans) √ 6.9% 9
Cash is represented in our coverage as zero emissions, Road passenger transport – 49% reduction in emissions intensity to 85gCO2e/pkm by 2030 2019 0.9 71% 165gCO2e/pkm √ 129gCO2e/pkm √ -16.6%
noting the PCAF standard does not have a methodology for
cash. The table below shows the proportion of lending that
Automotive (OEMs) – 47% reduction in emissions intensity to 124gCO2e/vkm by 2030 2020 6.7 98% 231gCO2e/vkm √ 232gCO2e/vkm √ 10.7%
is covered by NZBA Financed Emissions sector targets: Aviation – 31% reduction in emissions intensity to 709gCO2e/rtk by 2030 2019 0.4 98% 1,028gCO2e/rtk √ 1,003gCO2/rtk √ 6.6%
Reconciliation of Group total assets to Sustainable farming and food
lending used for emissions calculations Agriculture –25% reduction of absolute emissions by 2030 to 4.7 MtCO2e 2021 7.2 92% 6.3 MtCO2e √ 6.0 MtCO2e √ 0.0%
Total 2022
£bn Energy transition
Total assets 877.8 Oil and gas – 50% reduction of absolute emissions by 2030 to 4.4 MtCO2e 2019 2.2 46% 8.7 MtCO2e √ 3.3 MtCO2e √ -38.8%
PCAF out of scope (financial line)1 (169.0) Power generation – 81% reduction in emissions intensity to 53gCO2e/kWh by 2030 2020 2.5 67% 276gCO2e/kWh √ 121gCO2e/kWh √ -47.9%
PCAF out of scope (business unit)2 (164.1) Thermal coal – Full exit of thermal coal power in the UK by 2023. Full exit from all entities that
operate thermal coal facilities by 2030 — — —
PCAF assets in scope 544.7
Total lending with NZBA targets 375.8
Zero emissions (cash)3 (93.0)
Commercial Banking without NZBA targets 64.0
PCAF assets with financed emissions 451.7 Total lending where Bank financed emissions have been calculated 439.8
Lending where emissions are not yet calculated4 (11.9)
Total lending where Bank financed emissions Total target coverage of in scope Total lending with NZBA targets Total lending where Bank financed emissions have been calculated
= = 83% Total calculated emissions = = 97%
have been calculated 439.8 assets PCAF assets with financed emissions PCAF assets with financed emissions
1 Relates to financial lines that are not in scope of PCAF.
2 Mainly relates to exclusion of pensions and investment balances which 5 T here are rounding differences between target baseline, percentage reduction and 2030 target. Targets cover on-balance sheet assets. The scope of our target has been defined within the sustainability metrics basis of reporting
are covered through our Scottish Widows financed emissions ambition. which is available at our download centre .
3 Relates to zero-emission balances, mainly cash. 6 √ Indicator is subject to limited ISAE 3000 (revised) assurance by Deloitte LLP. Deloitte’s 2023 assurance statement and the sustainability metrics basis of reporting 2023 are available online at our download centre .
4 Relates to lending portfolios where emissions are yet to be calculated. 7 Shows divergence between 2022 actual and 2022 reference pathway emission intensity. Arrow up – performance for 2022 ahead of reference pathway. Arrow down – performance for 2022 behind reference pathway.
8 Data availability has resulted in physical emissions for 2022 C&RRE being held flat, and instead employing the 2021 position. This follows PCAF guidance to use most recent available when presented with a lag in available emissions-related
data. We will look to enhance methodology in 2024.
9 Retail motor cars and vans divergence, is based on divergence from scenario pathway as no reference pathway is available.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 114
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 115]
PCAF out of scope (financial line)1 | (169.0)
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 115]
PCAF assets in scope | 544.7
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 115]
Total lending with NZBA targets | 375.8 | | | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 115]
PCAF assets with financed emissions | 451.7
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 115]
Total lending where Bank financed emissions have been calculated | 439.8 | | | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 115]
Total lending where Bank financed emissions have been calculated | 439.8
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 115]
| Total target coverage of in scope assets | = | Total lending with NZBA targets | | = | 83%
----------------------------------------
| | | PCAF assets with financed emissions | | |

[Table 8 — Page 115]
| Total calculated emissions | = | Total lending where Bank financed emissions have been calculated | | = | 97%
----------------------------------------
| | | PCAF assets with financed emissions | | |

Transition plan by system continued Bank absolute financed emissions, PCAF data quality scores and intensity metrics
20181 2021 2022
Financed emissions Financed emissions Financed emissions
Our Bank
(MtCO2e) (MtCO2e) (MtCO2e)
Economic Economic Economic
PCAF emissions PCAF PCAF emissions PCAF PCAF emissions
data Physical intensity data data Physical intensity data data Physical intensity
financed Baseline Scope 1 quality emissions (MtCO2e/ Scope 1 quality Scope quality emissions (MtCO2e/ Scope 1 quality Scope quality emissions (MtCO2e/
NZBA sector year Target unit and 2 score intensity £bn) and 2 score 32 score intensity £bn) and 2 score 32 score intensity £bn)
emissions
Greening the built environment
Emissions
intensity 44kgCO2e/m2
UK mortgages 2020 (kgCO2e/m2) — — — — 5.7 3.6 — — 47kgCO2e/m2 0.02 5.1 √ 3.4 √ — — √ 0.02
Our Scope 3 financed emissions are calculated from the Emissions
Scope 1 and 2 emissions generated from our investments intensity 45kgCO2e/m2
or lending. Scope 3 (value chain) emissions are also C&RRE 2021 (kgCO2e/m2) — — — — 1.0√ 4.5 √ — — √ 0.05 0.94 5.0 — — 45kgCO2e/m2 0.04
calculated and reported separately for certain sectors,
aligning to the PCAF standard phased approach. We Low carbon transport
continue to refine our estimates of financed emissions
as we enhance our understanding, calculation
150gCO2e/km 148gCO2e/km 143gCO2e/km
Emissions (cars) √ & (cars) & (cars) √ &
methodologies and data. Further details on our intensity 198gCO2e/km 191gCO2e/km 190gCO2e/km
calculation methodology can be found within the Retail motor 2018 (gCO2e/km) 4.2 √ 2.2 √ (vans) √ 0.24 3.0 2.1 — — (vans) 0.18 2.7 √ 2.1 √ — — (vans) √ 0.15
sustainability metrics basis of reporting .
Road Emissions
We recognise our role in the UK economy, and the
passenger intensity 159gCO2e/ 129gCO2e/
transport 2019 (gCO2e/pkm) — — — — 0.1 2.4 0.0 3.4 pkm 0.32 0.2 √ 2.2 √ 0.1 √ 3.2 √ pkm √ 0.34
opportunities it creates to support the transition of our most
carbon-intensive sectors in order to meet our net zero Emissions
ambitions. In supporting the transition through direct Automotive intensity 286gCO2e/ 232gCO2e/
financing our financed emissions may increase on a (OEMs) 2020 (gCO2e/vkm) — — — — 0.1 2.0 5.9 2.0 vkm 0.03 0.2 √ 2.0 √ 10.6 √ 2.0 √ vkm √ 0.03
temporary basis. In the long-term we expect that supporting Emissions
the transition of our high carbon sector clients will reduce our intensity 1,003gCO2/rtk
financed emissions. For details of our client transition plan Aviation 2019 (gCO2e/rtk) — — — — 0.7 2.0 0.1 2.2 1,819gCO2/rtk 1.15 0.5 √ 2.0 √ 0.1 √ 2.0 √ √ 1.13
assessment approach see page 116.
1 Our 2018 baseline year has been restated from 28.6 MtCO2e to 29.6 Sustainable farming and food
MtCO2e (3.5 per cent increase) due to methodology changes and Absolute
improved data for motor and commercial banking portfolios, details are emissions
included within the transition plans for each sector.
2 The Bank’s scope 3 emissions are made up of the Scope 1, 2 and 3
Agriculture 2021 (MtCO2e) — — — — 6.3 √ 4.9 √ – – – 0.93 6.0 √ 4.9 √ – – – 0.91
emissions of the customers we lend to. PCAF allows for a phasing in of
disclosure for customers’ Scope 3 emissions. Within Commercial Energy transition
Banking without NZBA targets our Scope 3 disclosures cover sectors
across transportation, construction, buildings, material and industrial Absolute
activities in line with PCAF guidance. An estimated range has been emissions
provided due to both the limited availability and variability of published Oil and gas 2019 (MtCO2e) — — — — 0.4 3.2 5.2 3.9 — 0.31 0.2 √ 3.8 √ 3.1 √ 4.2 √ — 0.25
Scope 3 data.
3 √ Indicator is subject to limited ISAE 3000 (revised) assurance by Deloitte Emissions
LLP. Deloitte’s 2023 assurance statement and the sustainability metrics Power intensity 198gCO2e/ 121gCO2e/kWh
basis of reporting 2023 are available online at our download centre . generation 2020 (gCO2e/kWh) — — — — 0.2 3.0 — — kWh 0.16 0.2 √ 3.0 √ — — √ 0.11
4 Data availability has resulted in calculation of 2022 C&RRE absolute Bank financed emissions with NZBA target 4.2 2.2 — 0.24 17.5 3.6 11.2 2.5 — 0.05 16.0 3.4 13.9 2.3 — 0.04
emissions using 2021 emissions data. This follows PCAF guidance to use
most recent available when presented with a lag in available Consumer Lending without NZBA targets5 6.4 3.9 — 0.02 — — — — — — — — — — — —
emissions-related data. We will look to enhance methodology in 2024. Commercial Banking without NZBA targets 19.0 4.3 — 0.17 6.1 4.3 — — — 0.09 6.0 4.3 30-55 5.0 — 0.09
5 2 018 Consumer lending without NZBA targets relates to UK mortgages
balances, prior to setting a NZBA target. Total bank financed emissions 29.6 3.9 — 0.07 23.6 3.8 11.2 2.5 — 0.06 22.0 3.6 43.9-68.9 4.1-4.5 — 0.05
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 115
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 116]
Bank financed emissions with NZBA target | 4.2 | 2.2 | — | 0.24 | 17.5 | 3.6 | 11.2 | 2.5 | — | 0.05 | 16.0 | 3.4 | 13.9 | 2.3 | — | 0.04
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 116]
Total bank financed emissions | 29.6 | 3.9 | — | 0.07 | 23.6 | 3.8 | 11.2 | 2.5 | — | 0.06 | 22.0 | 3.6 | 43.9-68.9 | 4.1-4.5 | — | 0.05
----------------------------------------

Transition plan by system continued
Credible transition plan
and other enabling acti
Credible transition plans • Is sector-neutral but also includes
During 2023 we have enhanced our sector-specific considerations
methodology for assessing the (e.g. the IIGCC’s net zero standard
credibility of our clients’ net zero for oil and gas1) as we roll out our
transition plans. Our approach to approach into other high carbon
credible transition plans will support sectors
us in delivering up to our sector • Sets a higher bar initially for larger
decarbonisation targets, to drive real corporates, recognising that
economy impact. smaller companies will need more
time to develop their plans, and
Our approach: aligned with the transition plan
taskforce’s principle that the size
• Is aligned with the work of the and scale of companies will be a
transition plan taskforce’s crucial consideration for transition
sector-neutral disclosure planning
framework published in October • Prioritises CTP engagements for
2023. Our approach will evolve to material companies in scope of
include sector-specific guidance our published targets, and we
as it is finalised through continue to review and re-prioritise
consultation engagements where needed to
• Draws on existing public ensure we are targeting actions
frameworks (including Climate where we will have the most real
Action 100+ and the Transition economy impact
Pathway Initiative) which assess • Is being embedded into our
where clients are on their transition business processes and decision
journey making during 2023 and 2024
• Establishes baseline requirements
for our clients which increase in We have supported the transition
expectations in 2025 and 2027. plan taskforce (TPT) in building out a
Baseline requirements will be sector-neutral framework and are
subject to an annual ratcheting engaging with TPT to support their
mechanism and review to include work in developing sector-specific
latest developing standards and transition plans.
guidance
1 Net Zero Standard for Oil & Gas.

Assessment criteria
We assess our clients against five sub-elements in line with the transition plan taskforce’s three core
principles of ambition, action and accountability:
n assessments TPT core principles Sub-elements
1. Emissions targets: assesses the nature of clients’ targets (including their alignment
Ambition to science-based 1.5 degree pathways), timelines for achieving these and considers
ivity planned use of any purchased offsets in regards to credibility and quality.
2. Business model: assesses client consideration of climate change impact and their
plans for transitioning their business model integrating climate-related risks and
opportunities into company strategy.
3. Investments: considers alignment of capital allocation to targets and milestones for
To demonstrate our focus in driving real Action business model transition and emissions reduction and progress against this.
economy transition, we have prioritised 4. Actual emissions: assesses the measurement, verification and reporting of
transition plan assessments on clients emissions as well as performance in line with targets.
that are most material in reducing 5. Governance: considers Board responsibilities, executive remuneration, engagement
emissions through our consideration of: Accountability in organisations or coalitions dedicated specifically to climate issues, and the
client’s progress in building out a comprehensive transition plan.
1. The CA100+, which focuses on the 166 companies
that account for 80 per cent of global corporate Many of our clients are starting to engage in the registered on an internationally-recognised
GHG emissions and are therefore central to driving Voluntary Carbon Market (to purchase carbon registry. Client conversations regarding the
the transition to net zero. credits) and we recognise that how they do so use and reporting of carbon credits will
2. The Transition Pathway Initiative, which covers over plays an important role in the credibility of their be integrated into broader discussions on
500 companies operating in the most carbon- transition plans. It is important that clients follow the credibility of their transition plans,
intensive sectors. a mitigation hierarchy that prioritises targeting acknowledging the interconnected nature
3. Whether the client is on the UK’s Emission Trading abatement of their own value chain emissions of these two areas. See page 91 for more
Scheme list of high emitters. first, before mitigating residual emissions information on our Group approach to
through carbon credits, alongside ensuring that carbon offsetting.
all carbon credits purchased/supplied are
We further refine our approach to focus
on companies where we have the
Our approach to assessing clients’ transition plans
greatest opportunity to engage,
We are refining our expectations for CTP and plan to communicate these enhancements to our clients in
influence and support by considering: 2024. We also continuously track and monitor the evolution of emerging sector-specific transition
guidelines and intend to integrate them into our assessments as they develop.
4. If a client was in scope for a sector
decarbonisation target for the Bank, where we An initial desktop assessment is undertaken against each of the five areas, utilising
have identified material focus areas. Assessment publicly available data, including the CA100+ assessment, SBTi target setting information,
5. Those clients to which we have the largest lending the Transition Pathway Initiative tool, CDP and company publications. Where appropriate,
exposure of our corporate and institutional and evaluation engagement meetings with clients are held, focused on understanding further details of
banking (CIB) business. a client’s transition plan and discussion of any gaps identified as part of the assessment.
CTP assessments will be refreshed on at least an annual basis, with those not meeting
Monitoring minimum expectations having more regular engagements. Other events such as ESG/
sustainability disclosures or material strategy updates may also trigger a reassessment of transition plan credibility.
We will seek to support our clients in developing credible transition plans, but will
Escalation consider other measures where companies do not demonstrate progress in developing
a credible transition plans. Ongoing areas of concern will trigger escalation via existing
governance routes and could result in a range of measures including more frequent
engagements, managing down or removing support for clients.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 116
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 117]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 117]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 117]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 117]
|
----------------------------------------

Transition plan by system continued
Evolving expectations Just transition
We expect clients to increase ambition, action and To further support clients in ensuring a Just Transition, we
accountability through this decade toward our defined are a part of the transition plan taskforce (TPT) Just
client leadership expectations which include: Transition working group, contributing to the development of
sector-specific (and sector-neutral) guidance on how Just
• Emissions targets – 1.5 degree aligned Scope 1, 2 and 3 Transition considerations should be addressed within
targets1 transition plans. As a key next step, we are planning to
• Investments – capital allocation plan in line with 1.5 integrate the TPT guidance on Just Transition (as well as
degree scenarios nature and adaptation) into our approach for CTP
• Actual emissions – Progress in line with targets set assessment over time.
Additionally, we are supporting our SME and corporate
Progress and future plans
clients with Just Transition too. In 2023, we partnered with
In 2023, we have undertaken 36 initial CTP assessments,
British Chambers of Commerce to produce a report entitled
representing £2.9 billion of drawn lending, including our full
‘Climate Call to Action’, centred around understanding the
portfolio of large-scale oil and gas producing clients. We
support required by SMEs in the north and midlands to
have held a number of constructive conversations with our
transition to net zero. It also highlighted the need for clarity
clients using this framework. These conversations help
and certainty from the government for SMEs, as well as
clients identify how they can strengthen their existing plans,
recognising the key role we have to play in continuing to
advance their ambitions, and solidify our role as a
offer guidance, support and finance for businesses. constructive partner through their transition to a low carbon
economy. In 2024, we will continue to increase the number
Our dedicated Sustainability and ESG Finance team actively
of clients assessed, including expanding to other high
seeks out opportunities to support corporate and
carbon sectors. In future disclosures, we intend to provide
institutional clients financing their net zero transition to
greater detail on the measurable impact of our continued
maximise the benefits for companies, communities and the
engagement with clients on credible transition plans.
wider economy. We hosted an event in June this year for
c.100 clients, followed by a series of client roundtables
Financing transition technologies
discussing and providing thought leadership on what Just
By financing and enabling growth in transition technology
Transition means in the UK, the role of finance in Just
utilisation across the UK, we will help support our clients’
Transition and how Lloyds Bank and others embed it into
transition plans, which in turn will be key to contributing to
corporate strategies. A further Just Transition conference
our sector carbon reduction targets and a real economy
was also held in Scotland inviting another c.100 clients, are presented in a report with a detailed breakdown We also delivered an eight-week course from the University
transition.
covering the same topics as those in London, as well as an highlighting the top three emissions sources within their of Exeter Business School, with a focus on sustainabilityaction-focused event with two roundtables involving the operations. related risks and opportunities. Two cohorts, totalling 178
During 2023, we mobilised a programme of work (net zero
Chief Investment Officer from Scottish National Investment participants, completed a specialised advanced
origination) to advance finance for upscaling the most
Bank, the Scottish Government, and the First Minister’s Commercial banking colleague training sustainability training programme to provide insights into
commercially viable solutions. We identified and assessed
Investor Panel to accelerate investments in net zero In 2023, we collaborated with the University of Edinburgh to high-carbon sectors relevant to the Group.
85 technologies spanning every sector of the UK economy
technologies through a Just Transition lens. develop a 22-week bespoke programme to drive our focus
and prioritised these in line with UK CCC scenarios, UK
on transition technologies. Completed by 170 colleagues, By the close of 2023, over 2,600 colleagues, including
Government Net Zero & Green Finance Strategy as well as
Client carbon insights the course covers the eight emerging technologies in focus relationship managers, successfully participated in the
market projections and supporting data analytics. We
The carbon insights report provides small and medium through our net zero origination programme (as noted Sustainability Essentials Course accredited by the
continue to enhance our internal capabilities to better
enterprise (SME) clients with an estimate of their carbon earlier), along with emerging business models, market Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership (CISL).
consider emerging technologies, levering the International
emissions based on current account and credit card dynamics and policy. The training seeks to empower
Energy Agency’s Clean Energy Technology Guide2 and
transactions. The report provides unique insights into clients colleagues to take a proactive approach in maximising Technologies Readiness Scale. We are focusing on eight
estimated emissions and guidance for the next stage of value and impact for clients, as well as driving increased
emerging commercially viable technologies, with examples
their journey including comparisons to similar businesses. internal collaboration and sector-specific knowledge
including CCUS, batteries, low carbon heating and EV
By identifying spending information, classifying the type of sharing. The programme of work will continue to deepen
charging & infrastructure. 1 Requires intensity targets for all clients and both absolute and intensity
business that clients have bought from and applying data understanding during 2024. targets for oil and gas clients.
and expertise from our partners at the University of Leeds 2 International Energy Agency 2023 – ETP Clean Energy Technology
we estimate emissions for each transaction. These insights Guide.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 117
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Greening
the built
environment
Part of our systems approach:
Greening the built environment
Low carbon transport
Sustainable farming and food
Energy transition
System boundary
Our greening the built environment system
includes residential homes and non-residential
buildings in our residential mortgages portfolio
and our commercial and residential real estate
portfolio, which includes social housing and both
secured and unsecured lending.

System challenges The Government’s Heat and Buildings Strategy (2021)
acknowledges decarbonisation will involve large-scale
transformation and wide-ranging change to energy
Buildings remain the UK’s second
systems and markets as well as a combination of leadinghighest-emitting sector, accounting for edge technologies and innovative consumer options.
17 per cent of total emissions1. Reducing The CCC’s 2023 Progress Report highlights that reducing
emissions from this sector is therefore critical for the UK to
emissions will require decarbonisation achieve its net zero ambitions and relies on two main
of the electricity grid, along with outcomes:
increased uptake of low carbon heat
• Reducing energy demand in buildings, through
technologies and energy-efficiency
increased energy efficiency and other demand-side
measures and supply chain upskilling measures such as using smart meters and efficient
household appliances
and expansion. Many policies to aid
• Increasing supply of low carbon heat to buildings,
reductions have significant risks in through uptake of heat pumps, low carbon heat
delivering reductions required. networks and other heat measures, together with
increased grid decarbonisation
1 Estimated 2022 direct emissions as reported in the CCC June 2023
Progress Report.
Reducing emissions
from the built
environment is critical
for the UK to achieve
its net zero ambitions.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 118
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Greening the built environment continued
CCC assessment – Buildings
The CCC’s assessment concludes that policy progress in CCC’s overall assessment of progress:
the buildings sector is not on track, with 77 per cent of Some risks
the required emission reductions judged to be at either
Significant risks
significant risk or with insufficient plans. The table below
summarises the CCC June 2023 overall assessment for Insufficient plans
policy areas that are the most relevant to delivering our
emission reduction targets.
Policy area CCC overall assessment
Decarbonisation of electricity grid
Increase uptake of low carbon heat technologies:
Residential
Commercial
Increase uptake of energy efficiency measures:
Residential EPC improvements
Commercial EPC improvements
The CCC concluded
Enabling delivery of low carbon heat and energy efficiency measures
recent announced
policy changes
Key recent policy developments relevant to achieving However, recent announcements indicate a slowing of will make it more
our buildings decarbonisation targets policy progress, including:
• Delayed ban on installing oil and LPG boilers (and new difficult to meet
The government has introduced several policies that can coal heating) in off-the-gas-grid homes
aid decarbonisation, including: • Exemption to the ban on new gas boilers for households the government’s
• Extension of the Boiler Upgrade Scheme less able to afford alternatives
• New Great British Insulation Scheme to help insulate • Decision not to implement minimum energy-efficiency pathway for this sector.
people’s homes in council tax bands A–D standards for rented homes
• New approach to gas and electricity price rebalancing
In October 2023, the CCC concluded the recent announced
changes will make it more difficult to meet the
government’s pathway for this sector and most importantly
will create widespread uncertainty for consumers and
supply chains.

Our actions
We have developed products,
tools and propositions that help to
increase customer awareness and
encourage and incentivise them to
purchase energy efficient properties
or retrofit existing ones. We have also
formed partnerships with industry
experts to support customers
to install heat pumps and solar
panels, and continue to engage
on key policy and enabling activity
with multiple stakeholders.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 119
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Greening the built environment continued
Homes
The UK has a commitment to achieve
net zero by 2050. The decarbonisation
of buildings, which currently contribute
17 per cent of the UK’s total carbon emissions,
will be key to achieving this1.
Faced with the worst insulated housing stock in Europe, plus
energy and fuel prices still higher than pre-pandemic levels,
there is a pressing need to focus attention on decarbonising
the nation’s properties.
Decarbonising our housing stock at scale is no easy feat; it
requires collective, immediate action from us all. As the UK’s
largest mortgage provider, we recognise the important role
we can play in educating our customers on energy efficiency
and supporting them with reducing their household emissions.
However, we cannot achieve net zero alone and collective
action from the government, other financial institutions,
industry leaders and our customers is required.
1 Estimated 2022 direct emissions as reported in the CCC June 2023
Progress Report.

UK Mortgages
(gCOe/m2)
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
d
Greening the built environment – Homes
41%
UK residential mortgages Target
emissions intensity
reduction (kgCO e/m2)
between 2020 and 2030 In 2022 we published a CCC BNZP-aligned target, requiring
a 41 per cent reduction in financed emissions intensity by 2030
(against a 2020 baseline – Scope 1 and 2 emissions). This equates
to 28kgCO2/m2 by 2030, down from 47kgCO2/m2 in 2020.
UK mortgages emission intensity reduction 2020
U toK 2M0o3r0tgages
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
Reference pathway 2030 Target
See page 118 for details on this
system
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 120
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 121]
41% UK residential mortgages emissions intensity reduction (kgCO e/m2) 2 between 2020 and 2030 See page 118 for details on this system | | Greening the built environment – Homes Target In 2022 we published a CCC BNZP-aligned target, requiring a 41 per cent reduction in financed emissions intensity by 2030 (against a 2020 baseline – Scope 1 and 2 emissions). This equates to 28kgCO2/m2 by 2030, down from 47kgCO2/m2 in 2020. UK Mortgages (gCOe/m2) 2 UK mortgages emission intensity reduction 2020 U toK 2M0o3r0tgages 60 )2m/eOCg( 50 2 40 ytisnetni 30 20 lacisyhP 10 0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Scenario pathway Actual Reference pathway 2030 Target
----------------------------------------
| See page 118 for details on this system |

Greening the built environment continued
Greening the built environment – Homes continued
Implementation strategy
We understand that the journey to net zero will not be a simple • From launch in 2020 to now, we have continued to develop
one and that transition challenges exist across the residential iterations of our Halifax Green Living Reward and Lloyds Bank
sector. However, the Group is committed to support our Eco Home Reward, enabling eligible customers to claim up
customers. Our strategy focuses on increasing customer to £1,000 when making energy-efficient home improvements.
awareness and engagement, as well as developing products Engagement and uptake of the offer has maintained momentum
and propositions that encourage our customers to act. We and, to date, we have provided over 3,000 customers with
want to ensure that we are making the transition as accessible a cashback reward.
as we can, which is why we recognise the importance of • Our online Home Energy Saving Tool developed in collaboration
forming partnerships with other industry experts to collectively with Energy Saving Trust remains a key engagement technique,
support customers on their retrofit journey. providing customers with an interactive experience to generate
a personalised plan for their home, identifying where energy
With over £4.7 billion of lending to EPC A and B rated properties efficiency improvements can be made. Over 35,000 action plans
in 2022, and a further £2.8 billion in the first three quarters of have been generated since launch. We have been working
2023, we are progressing well to achieve our £10 billion to enhance our tool by embedding links to our partners.
three-year target out to 2024; but our action does not stop here. We have created a simplified customer journey, helping to turn
recommendations into action. Additionally, expansion of the
As well as offering additional incentives for purchasing tool into our Birmingham Midshires brand is a crucial step in
energy-efficient properties, we understand that the supporting landlords with understanding the energy efficiency
majority of the homes lived in today will still be inhabited of their property.
in 2050, highlighting the importance of making energy- • Providing education materials to our customers is an important
efficient home improvements to the existing housing stock. step in helping them to understand energy efficiency and
Customer understanding of tangible actions they can take, supporting them with making more informed energy efficient
to support net zero ambitions and potentially reduce choices. We have a wealth of material available on our Halifax
energy bills, can be a difficult process and so our strategy and Lloyds hubs and our green home events programme
focuses on breaking down these barriers. We remain together with Energy Saving Trust has continued throughout
committed to enhancing and nurturing our propositions to 2023, branching out into specific topics such as transition to
explore how we support a wide range of customers. solar energy.
• With the help of WPI Economic and Censuswide, we produced
Examples of our activities include: a report: Decarbonising the UK’s homes: a housing stocktake,
dealing specifically with UK housing stock to provide a thorough
• Joining forces with industry experts, highlighting the look at the current state of decarbonisation across UK homes
power of partnerships and supporting our strategy and residential properties. The research identified the main
to help move the UK towards net zero. Our strategic barriers to decarbonisation and, importantly, contained
partnership with Octopus Energy continues, offering lower knowledge gleaned from homeowners and landlords who
cost air-source heat pumps to UK households, supporting have gone through the process already.
the decarbonisation of domestic heating. We have also
teamed up with expert solar panel installers, Effective
Home, taking away the hard work for our customers of
searching the market for accredited solar panel suppliers.
More on this can be found in our case study section.

Our purpose in action
Effective
Home
In July 2023 we launched a new solar and the pitch of the roof, amongst
panel consultation and installation other factors. Any excess energy
offer. By joining forces with accredited generated by the panels can be
and expert solar panel installers, stored in a battery for later use SDG 7.2: By 2030,
Effective Home, we hope to take or sold back to the National Grid. increase
away the hard work of searching Additionally, solar panels can substantially the
the market for solar panel suppliers. improve the EPC rating of a home3 share of renewable
and properties with the highest energy in the global
energy mix.
Through our Halifax green living hub, energy ratings may be worth up
people can access Effective Home’s to £40,000 more on average SDG 7.3: By 2030,
virtual consultation, where a home compared to less sustainable double the global
rate of improvement
can be remotely viewed to properties with buyers willing to
in energy efficiency.
understand solar panel suitability – pay a ‘green premium’ for a more
with no need for an in-person visit. energy efficient place4. SDG 13.3: Improve
education,
A free, personalised solar plan is
awareness-raising
provided, outlining installation costs Everyone who installs solar panels
and human and
and estimated energy bill savings. through Halifax and Effective Home’s institutional capacity
Those who want to go ahead will scheme will get a free Energy on climate change
then receive an in-person, technical Performance Certificate (EPC) mitigation,
survey and Effective Home will assessment for their home, and adaptation, impact
arrange the installation, supporting eligible Halifax mortgage customers reduction and early
customers with registering the panels will also be able to access cashback warning.
with the Microgeneration Certification towards the cost through Halifax’s
Scheme1, for a free, insurance- existing Green Living Reward offer.
backed guarantee.
Our partnership with Effective Home
Energy bill savings from installing supports people with solar panel
solar panels typically can range installation from start to finish, so
as high as £500 to £7002 annually, even more people can take
depending on the size of the panels advantage of the benefits to having
a ‘greener’ home and cheaper bills.
1 Further information on the Microgeneration Certification Scheme’s Insurance Backed Guarantee Products see here.
2 The Energy Saving Trust calculator estimates that a typical 4kWp solar panel system can knock between £500-£700 off your
annual bill with the Smart Export Guarantee SEG depending on where you live. See here for further details.
3 EPC and FIT see here for further details.
4 Homebuyers pay a ‘green premium’ of up to £40,000 for the most energy efficient properties. See here for further details.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 121
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 122]
| Overview Our Group | |
----------------------------------------
Overview r purpose in action Effective Home Our Group strategy In July 2023 we launched a new solar and the pitch of the roof, amongst panel consultation and installation other factors. Any excess energy offer. By joining forces with accredited generated by the panels can be and expert solar panel installers, stored in a battery for later use SDG 7.2: By 2030, Effective Home, we hope to take or sold back to the National Grid. increase away the hard work of searching Additionally, solar panels can substantially the the market for solar panel suppliers. improve the EPC rating of a home3 share of renewable How and properties with the highest energy in the global energy mix. we Through our Halifax green living hub, energy ratings may be worth up people can access Effective Home’s to £40,000 more on average SDG 7.3: By 2030, deliver virtual consultation, where a home compared to less sustainable double the global rate of improvement can be remotely viewed to properties with buyers willing to in energy efficiency. understand solar panel suitability – pay a ‘green premium’ for a more with no need for an in-person visit. energy efficient place4. SDG 13.3: Improve education, A free, personalised solar plan is awareness-raising provided, outlining installation costs Everyone who installs solar panels and human and and estimated energy bill savings. through Halifax and Effective Home’s institutional capacity Inclusive Those who want to go ahead will scheme will get a free Energy on climate change then receive an in-person, technical Performance Certificate (EPC) mitigation, survey and Effective Home will assessment for their home, and adaptation, impact arrange the installation, supporting eligible Halifax mortgage customers reduction and early future customers with registering the panels will also be able to access cashback warning. with the Microgeneration Certification towards the cost through Halifax’s Scheme1, for a free, insurance- existing Green Living Reward offer. backed guarantee. Our partnership with Effective Home Energy bill savings from installing supports people with solar panel solar panels typically can range installation from start to finish, so Sustainable as high as £500 to £7002 annually, even more people can take depending on the size of the panels advantage of the benefits to having a ‘greener’ home and cheaper bills. future 1 Further information on the Microgeneration Certification Scheme’s Insurance Backed Guarantee Products see here. 2 The Energy Saving Trust calculator estimates that a typical 4kWp solar panel system can knock between £500-£700 off your annual bill with the Smart Export Guarantee SEG depending on where you live. See here for further details. 3 EPC and FIT see here for further details. 4 Homebuyers pay a ‘green premium’ of up to £40,000 for the most energy efficient properties. See here for further details. Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 121 | Overview Our Group | |
| | |
| | |
| | |
| | |

[Table 2 — Page 122]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 122]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 122]
|
----------------------------------------

Greening the built environment continued
Greening the built environment – Homes continued
Risks and dependencies Engagement strategy
Dependencies Decarbonisation of the electricity grid A strong retrofit supply chain supported by government and We are engaging on our policy asks through multiple
Our 2030 41 per cent financed emissions intensity reduction • Intensification of geopolitical unrest may disrupt oil and gas market incentives channels including hosting roundtable events and one-totarget highlights our ambition to reduce the emissions of exports, exposing the UK to price shocks and potentially • Whilst good developments in available government grants one meetings with MPs, peers and policy advisers to discuss
properties on our mortgage book, but reaching net zero for impeding ongoing investments into decarbonisation. have been made, further incentives are required to and garner advocacy and support for our proposals. We
UK homes will require collective action from a broader encourage all customers to act, particularly given the continue to ensure MP constituency factsheets are updated
group of stakeholders to tackle many significant challenges Greater public awareness current economic climate where customers are faced with with our core policy asks to help ensure our key messages
in this area. • There remains a high proportion of properties in the UK that competing priorities and challenges to fund retrofit are clear, understood and considered.
do not have a valid Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) and measures. Installation rates of energy-efficiency measures
To progress at the pace required to remain on track against our new research shows that, for those that do have one, continue to be below necessary levels and fell further in 2022
our target pathway we are dependent on multiple key areas nearly half (46 per cent) do not know their rating1. This – with the number of households installing measures via UK
including: coupled with the fact that EPCs do not always portray an government schemes falling to 94,000 in 2022, compared to Support from the government
accurate view of actual energy usage or completed retrofit 634,000 in 2014 to 268,00 in 20162,3. is required to build further
1. Decarbonisation of the electricity grid, the largest improvements, make it difficult to engage customers and • With minimal incentives for landlords to act on improving the momentum and awareness:
expected contributor to UK housing emission reduction enhance their understanding on the importance of energy energy efficiency of their properties, many existing homes
by 2030. efficiency. Moreover, these EPC limitations hinder our ability to are likely to remain in lower EPC bands.
meticulously report on the emissions of homes in our
2. Greater public awareness, to encourage behavioural portfolio. Energy-efficient new build properties
Provide long-term policy certainty
changes which are crucial to drive the level of adoption • A lack of clarity on policy and regulation is causing • In response to a challenged demand there is likely to be a 01
around green home improvements
required to decarbonise the UK housing stock1. uncertainty for businesses and consumers, leading to many contraction in new build properties, with forecasts
with package of incentives and
delaying plans to support energy-efficiency improvements. highlighting a slowing build trend in 2023 and 2024, which
regulations
3. A strong retrofit supply chain, supported by Six in ten landlords (57 per cent) knew about the may result in limited access to high-quality sustainable
government and market incentives which encourage government’s recent scrapping of plans requiring all rental housing.
Use Stamp Duty to incentivise
both residential and buy-to-let customers to retrofit their properties to meet a minimum EPC rating of C by 2028. Of 02
green home improvements
properties. these, 42 per cent said that they had since cancelled plans Overall, the aggregation of multiple risks, including those
to invest in energy efficiency measures and 53 per cent said called out above, is making it challenging for our customers to
4. Continued support for the supply and quality of that it made them less likely to invest in energy efficiency in act. It is clear that implementation of energy-efficient
energy-efficient new build properties to ensure the future1. measures is slow and therefore we need to continue to
Improve EPCs so they provide
availability of high standard homes. innovate to drive the mass population adaptation that is 03
accurate and up-to-date
required.
information
Whilst we have made progress on our emission intensity
reduction from our 2020 baseline, the CCC progress
assessment (see page 119) highlighted that a substantial Use employer tax incentives to
amount of future abatement either lacks policies or 04 encourage employees to make
depends on policies which carry significant risks. green improvements
There are many risks to continued progress on substantive
reductions in emissions; action needs to be encouraged Support new, green jobs across the
across the key areas we are dependent on, as outlined 1 Decarbonising the UK’s homes a housing stocktake 2023 . . 05 whole country with the
above, and data quality and availability must be improved. 2 UK Climate Change Committee, Progress in reducing UK emissions Apprenticeship Levy
– 2023 Report to Parliament, page 20.
3 UK Climate Change Committee, Progress in reducing UK emissions
– 2023 Report to Parliament, pages 139 to 153.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 122
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 123]
Greening the built environment – Homes continued Risks and dependencies Engagement strategy Dependencies Decarbonisation of the electricity grid A strong retrofit supply chain supported by government and We are engaging on our policy asks through multiple Our 2030 41 per cent financed emissions intensity reduction • Intensification of geopolitical unrest may disrupt oil and gas market incentives channels including hosting roundtable events and one-to- target highlights our ambition to reduce the emissions of exports, exposing the UK to price shocks and potentially • Whilst good developments in available government grants one meetings with MPs, peers and policy advisers to discuss properties on our mortgage book, but reaching net zero for impeding ongoing investments into decarbonisation. have been made, further incentives are required to and garner advocacy and support for our proposals. We UK homes will require collective action from a broader encourage all customers to act, particularly given the continue to ensure MP constituency factsheets are updated group of stakeholders to tackle many significant challenges Greater public awareness current economic climate where customers are faced with with our core policy asks to help ensure our key messages in this area. • There remains a high proportion of properties in the UK that competing priorities and challenges to fund retrofit are clear, understood and considered. do not have a valid Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) and measures. Installation rates of energy-efficiency measures To progress at the pace required to remain on track against our new research shows that, for those that do have one, continue to be below necessary levels and fell further in 2022 our target pathway we are dependent on multiple key areas nearly half (46 per cent) do not know their rating1. This – with the number of households installing measures via UK including: coupled with the fact that EPCs do not always portray an government schemes falling to 94,000 in 2022, compared to Support from the government accurate view of actual energy usage or completed retrofit 634,000 in 2014 to 268,00 in 20162,3. is required to build further 1. Decarbonisation of the electricity grid, the largest improvements, make it difficult to engage customers and • With minimal incentives for landlords to act on improving the momentum and awareness: expected contributor to UK housing emission reduction enhance their understanding on the importance of energy energy efficiency of their properties, many existing homes by 2030. efficiency. Moreover, these EPC limitations hinder our ability to are likely to remain in lower EPC bands. meticulously report on the emissions of homes in our 2. Greater public awareness, to encourage behavioural portfolio. Energy-efficient new build properties Provide long-term policy certainty changes which are crucial to drive the level of adoption • A lack of clarity on policy and regulation is causing • In response to a challenged demand there is likely to be a 01 around green home improvements required to decarbonise the UK housing stock1. uncertainty for businesses and consumers, leading to many contraction in new build properties, with forecasts with package of incentives and delaying plans to support energy-efficiency improvements. highlighting a slowing build trend in 2023 and 2024, which regulations 3. A strong retrofit supply chain, supported by Six in ten landlords (57 per cent) knew about the may result in limited access to high-quality sustainable government and market incentives which encourage government’s recent scrapping of plans requiring all rental housing. Use Stamp Duty to incentivise both residential and buy-to-let customers to retrofit their properties to meet a minimum EPC rating of C by 2028. Of 02 green home improvements properties. these, 42 per cent said that they had since cancelled plans Overall, the aggregation of multiple risks, including those to invest in energy efficiency measures and 53 per cent said called out above, is making it challenging for our customers to 4. Continued support for the supply and quality of that it made them less likely to invest in energy efficiency in act. It is clear that implementation of energy-efficient energy-efficient new build properties to ensure the future1. measures is slow and therefore we need to continue to Improve EPCs so they provide availability of high standard homes. innovate to drive the mass population adaptation that is 03 accurate and up-to-date required. information Whilst we have made progress on our emission intensity reduction from our 2020 baseline, the CCC progress assessment (see page 119) highlighted that a substantial Use employer tax incentives to amount of future abatement either lacks policies or 04 encourage employees to make depends on policies which carry significant risks. green improvements There are many risks to continued progress on substantive reductions in emissions; action needs to be encouraged Support new, green jobs across the across the key areas we are dependent on, as outlined 1 Decarbonising the UK’s homes a housing stocktake 2023 . . 05 whole country with the above, and data quality and availability must be improved. 2 UK Climate Change Committee, Progress in reducing UK emissions Apprenticeship Levy – 2023 Report to Parliament, page 20. 3 UK Climate Change Committee, Progress in reducing UK emissions – 2023 Report to Parliament, pages 139 to 153. |
----------------------------------------
| Support from the government is required to build further momentum and awareness: Provide long-term policy certainty 01 around green home improvements with package of incentives and regulations Use Stamp Duty to incentivise 02 green home improvements Improve EPCs so they provide 03 accurate and up-to-date information Use employer tax incentives to 04 encourage employees to make green improvements Support new, green jobs across the 05 whole country with the Apprenticeship Levy

Greening the built environment continued
Greening the built environment – Homes continued
Just transition
Effectively supporting the transition to net zero will require Additionally, to try to make energy-efficient home
the consideration of many different groups, including improvements accessible for all, we have implemented
vulnerable and low income households. Our current offers for all our colleagues, whereby they can access offers
products and propositions are inclusive of a vast number of on heat pumps and solar panels installed with our
customer segments, and we strive to ensure that our accredited partners. We acknowledge that there is more to
education and awareness materials highlight action that do to ensure a successful transition that is fair for everyone
can be taken across varying levels of investment. Where and we therefore welcome all funding on research and
appropriate we signpost specific government grant development into green technologies to ensure retrofit is
schemes that will support our customers with the cost of attainable for the mass market.
some retrofit measures.
See pages 93 to 94 for an
overview of just transition

Total lending value of known EPCs
The EPC distribution by lending value for the mortgage book is included within Note 52 of the financial statements.
The split between residential and buy-to-let mortgages is shown below for properties with known EPCs:
Residential mortgages
2023 2022
A/B 19% A/B 18%
C 24% C 24%
Total Total
£204.3 billion D 38% £193.3 billion D 39%
E 14% E 15%
F/G 4% F/G 4%
Buy-to-let
2023 2022
A/B 7% A/B 7%
C 36% C 34%
Total Total
£40.8 billion D 43% £41.1 billion D 44%
E 13% E 14%
F/G 1% F/G 1%1
1 Rounded down from 1.6 per cent
for reporting in the table.
EPC splits
The charts above provide a view of the EPC profile of our UK residential mortgages portfolio based on our known population.
The exposure to properties with no EPC data has reduced from 26% of residential properties in 2022 to 21% in 2023, and from
20% to 14% respectively for buy-to-let. Our 2023 progress versus our 2022 position, highlights that positively improving the mix of
EPCs on our mortgage book, including shrinking the proportion of unknowns, remains a key factor in advancing towards our
sustainability ambitions.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 123
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 124]
Total lending value of known EPCs
----------------------------------------
The EPC distribution by lending value for the mortgage book is included within Note 52 of the financial statements. The split between residential and buy-to-let mortgages is shown below for properties with known EPCs: Residential mortgages 2023 2022 A/B 19% A/B 18% C 24% C 24% Total Total £204.3 billion D 38% £193.3 billion D 39% E 14% E 15% F/G 4% F/G 4% Buy-to-let 2023 2022 A/B 7% A/B 7% C 36% C 34% Total Total £40.8 billion D 43% £41.1 billion D 44% E 13% E 14% F/G 1% F/G 1%1 1 Rounded down from 1.6 per cent for reporting in the table. EPC splits The charts above provide a view of the EPC profile of our UK residential mortgages portfolio based on our known population. The exposure to properties with no EPC data has reduced from 26% of residential properties in 2022 to 21% in 2023, and from 20% to 14% respectively for buy-to-let. Our 2023 progress versus our 2022 position, highlights that positively improving the mix of EPCs on our mortgage book, including shrinking the proportion of unknowns, remains a key factor in advancing towards our sustainability ambitions.

[Table 2 — Page 124]

----------------------------------------


Greening the built environment continued
C&RRE
Commercial & residential real estate sector
Decarbonising existing buildings will be achieved primarily
through retrofitting buildings to improve energy efficiency
and replacing fossil-fuel heating systems with low carbon
equivalents.
In 2022 our drawn lending to this sector was £22.4 billion,
making decarbonisation of the commercial and residential
real estate sector a priority for us.
See page 118 for details of this
system
48%
C&RRE emissions intensity
reduction (kgCO e/m2)
between 2021 and 2030
In 2024 we are
expanding the use
of our ESG tool for
sector specific client
assessments.
1 Climate Change Committee, Progress Report to Parliament, 2023.
2 Estate agencies are excluded from this sector.

C&RRE
50.0
25.0
0.0
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
Reference pathway 2030 Target
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Greening the built environment – C&RRE
Target Implementation strategy
This year we have developed a 2030 target for our Commercial Given its materiality both to the UK and the Group,
Banking C&RRE portfolio based on the 1.5 degree aligned commercial and residential real estate is a crucial sector to
balanced net zero pathway of the Climate Change decarbonise to meet net-zero ambitions. Our key strategic
Committee1. Based on our baseline portfolio composition, it lever is to accelerate our clients’ adoption of low carbon
requires an average reduction in emissions intensity of 48 per heating (LCH). Developing products and propositions which
cent between 2021 and 2030, reducing our 2021 absolute incentivise and support our clients to adopt LCH and
emissions from 45kgCO2e/m2 to 24kgCO2e/m2]. improve energy efficiency will be critical to achieving this.
We are dedicated to helping the sector to understand
Our target includes operational emissions from regulated and emissions and have continued to develop our green
unregulated energy use, covering the following sub-sectors: buildings tool, a free digital insights calculator which helps
commercial real estate, lending to social housing landlords clients assess and improve the energy efficiency of their
and privately rented real estate2. Fugitive emissions are buildings.
excluded due to poor data availability. We are working to
address data quality and availability to potentially include Through our credible transition plan activity, we will
other sectors in our target in future: housebuilders, real estate continue to engage with our most material clients by the
development and companies primarily engaged in end of 2025 on their transition to net zero, including an
construction. expectation that clients’ carbon reduction goals will be
aligned with scenarios limiting global warming to no more
than 1.5°C.
C&RRE emission intensity reduction 2021 to 2030
In 2024 we will be expanding the use of our ESG tool (see
page 158) to rollout a sector specific assessment to our
clients. This will include a series of questions to understand
our clients’ transition journey, including actions taken so far
and challenges faced, and we will use the outputs to
understand how we can best support our clients going
forward. The assessment will focus on climate and broader
environmental themes and will be rolled out to all clients
with the most material exposures.
We continue to work in partnership with industry bodies to
support the transition including the UK Green Building
Council (UKGBC). We are Gold Leaf Members of the UKGBC,
and Programme Partners of the Advancing Net Zero
Programme. Furthermore, we will advocate through our
participation in industry bodies and lobbying activities on
the following policy asks (described below).
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 124
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 125]
See page 118 for details of this system 48% C&RRE emissions intensity reduction (kgCO e/m2) 2 between 2021 and 2030 In 2024 we are expanding the use of our ESG tool for sector specific client assessments. | Greening the built environment – C&RRE Target Implementation strategy This year we have developed a 2030 target for our Commercial Given its materiality both to the UK and the Group, Banking C&RRE portfolio based on the 1.5 degree aligned commercial and residential real estate is a crucial sector to balanced net zero pathway of the Climate Change decarbonise to meet net-zero ambitions. Our key strategic Committee1. Based on our baseline portfolio composition, it lever is to accelerate our clients’ adoption of low carbon requires an average reduction in emissions intensity of 48 per heating (LCH). Developing products and propositions which cent between 2021 and 2030, reducing our 2021 absolute incentivise and support our clients to adopt LCH and emissions from 45kgCO2e/m2 to 24kgCO2e/m2]. improve energy efficiency will be critical to achieving this. We are dedicated to helping the sector to understand Our target includes operational emissions from regulated and emissions and have continued to develop our green unregulated energy use, covering the following sub-sectors: buildings tool, a free digital insights calculator which helps commercial real estate, lending to social housing landlords clients assess and improve the energy efficiency of their and privately rented real estate2. Fugitive emissions are buildings. excluded due to poor data availability. We are working to address data quality and availability to potentially include Through our credible transition plan activity, we will other sectors in our target in future: housebuilders, real estate continue to engage with our most material clients by the development and companies primarily engaged in end of 2025 on their transition to net zero, including an construction. expectation that clients’ carbon reduction goals will be aligned with scenarios limiting global warming to no more than 1.5°C. C&RRE C&RRE emission intensity reduction 2021 to 2030 50.0 )2m/eOCg( In 2024 we will be expanding the use of our ESG tool (see page 158) to rollout a sector specific assessment to our 2 clients. This will include a series of questions to understand our clients’ transition journey, including actions taken so far ytisnetni and challenges faced, and we will use the outputs to 25.0 understand how we can best support our clients going forward. The assessment will focus on climate and broader lacisyhP environmental themes and will be rolled out to all clients with the most material exposures. 0.0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 We continue to work in partnership with industry bodies to support the transition including the UK Green Building Scenario pathway Actual Council (UKGBC). We are Gold Leaf Members of the UKGBC, Reference pathway 2030 Target and Programme Partners of the Advancing Net Zero Programme. Furthermore, we will advocate through our participation in industry bodies and lobbying activities on the following policy asks (described below).
----------------------------------------

Greening the built environment continued
Greening the built environment – C&RRE continued
Risks and dependencies Engagement strategy Just transition
The transition of this sector has a critical dependency on Support from the government is required to build further Improving the energy efficiency and rollout of low carbon
accelerated policy action and there is a high level of uncertainty momentum and awareness. We are developing our heating of commercial and residential buildings brings
on how policies will develop. As outlined by the CCC (see engagement strategy to help address a number of areas, benefits beyond the environment as a result of more
page 119), ‘policy progress in the buildings sector is not on including: comfortable conditions and manageable energy bills.
track’ and a significant acceleration in public policy is needed Research by the IEA shows how energy efficiency has the
to achieve our target pathway1, such as LCH installation, • Policy and regulatory clarity for a clear trajectory for direct potential to support economic growth, enhance social
training of installers, affordability and an improvement in the regulatory levers and critical indirect dependencies development and help build wealth. Therefore, to support a
minimum EPC required to lease a property. We continue to (including energy market reform, and decisions on the future Just Transition, it is essential that energy efficiency rollout
engage in policy advocacy both independently and through heating mix, e.g. hydrogen, heat networks) reaches across society, including small businesses and lower
our affiliation with industry. In particular, we continue to seek • Emissions measurement: through improved EPCs and real income households, which is central to our strategy.
certainty on future policy direction, including the accelerated time energy use
rollout of LCH and minimum energy-efficiency standards. • Skills and labour supply, to boost skills availability in the
supply chain
Internally, there are several data challenges including quality • Access to expertise to improve provision of advice for
and completeness. To address challenges regarding client building users and facilitate their transition
See pages 93 to 94 for an
data we will investigate ways to utilise internal sources more • Availability of feasible financial mechanisms to implement
overview of just transition
effectively, including from the green buildings tool. Since 2019 financial incentives for improving energy efficiency and/or
360m ft2 has been analysed by the free tool, bringing the installing low-carbon heating systems
total floor area analysed, including the Bank’s own portfolio,
to 2 billion ft2 since 2019. As discussed earlier, it is We regularly engage with clients and the wider industry on
acknowledged that EPCs, which are the most commonly how to accelerate decarbonisation of the built environment.
available data source, do not always portray an accurate For example, as a key part of our target setting activity this
view of actual energy consumption in a building. They are year, we held two client round tables, to ensure we have an
also limited to estimating regulated energy use only (from up-to-date understanding of the challenges and opportunities
space and water heating, lighting and ventilation), and faced by our clients, including corporate and SME clients, in
therefore we need to estimate unregulated energy use commercial and residential real estate.
(based on information from the Government’s Building Energy
Efficiency Survey). The need for widespread improvements in
emission measurements for buildings is well-recognised,
with metered energy use being a future opportunity to
improve accuracy, subject to data being made available.
Finally, decarbonisation of this sector is heavily dependent
on clients adopting low carbon heating. the future role of
electrification for hydrogen and heating buildings is
uncertain, which has also dampened appetite. A priority in
our ‘greening the built environment’ system is to develop
products and propositions that incentivise and support our
clients to install low carbon heating.
1 Climate Change Committee, Progress Report to Parliament, 2023.

Our purpose in action
Bruntwood SciTech
In 2023, Lloyds Bank acted as sole ESG co-ordinator
on £380 million of sustainability-linked financing to
Bruntwood SciTech, a leading UK property provider
dedicated to the growth of the science and
technology sector.
The financing included £100
million of new facilities provided
by a group of lenders to support
regional growth. SDG 7.3: By 2030,
double the global
£330 million of sustainability-linked rate of improvement
lending is aligned to Bruntwood in energy efficiency
SciTech’s sustainability targets. SDG 9.4: By 2030,
These include improving the EPC upgrade
ratings of buildings, a year-on-year infrastructure and
reduction in carbon intensity, a retrofit industries
to make them
reduction in embodied carbon
sustainable, with
across new build developments,
increased resourceand an increase in whole building use efficiency and
renewable energy procurement. greater adoption of
A £50 million green loan for the clean and
development of No.3 Circle Square, environmentally
in the Manchester Oxford Road sound technologies
Corridor innovation district, was and industrial
processes, with all
provided to help realise the
countries taking company’s ambitions for No.3 Circle
action in accordance
Square to achieve BREEAM Excellent
with their respective
Status, a NABERS 5 Star rating and capabilities.
an EPC A rating. The development
will feature an innovative all-electric
heating and cooling system,
advanced air source heat pumps
and new landscaped space to
increase biodiversity.
Richard Butterfield, Relationship
Director, real estate and housing
at Lloyds Bank, said: “Bruntwood
SciTech remains one of the UK’s
true success stories – a business
with sustainability and the
industries of tomorrow running
through its core.”
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 125
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 126]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 126]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 126]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 126]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 126]
|
----------------------------------------

Greening the built environment continued
Citra Living
See page 118 for details on this
system
Citra areas of focus
2023 By 2024 By 2025
• Enhanced Citra • Determine emissions baseline • Establish targets for operational and
Data and strategy sustainability and reporting approach supply chain emissions based on
strategy baselines developed
• 20 per cent of new • 50 per cent Citra homes started in • 75 per cent of new projects
Building standards projects signed up 2024 developed to NextGen delivered in accordance with
to Next Generation reporting standards NextGen reporting criteria
Project Level • First Future Homes Standard • 25 per cent of new schemes started
homes contracted on site to meet the Future Home
Standard, subject to regulations
being adopted.
• Measure not • 10 per cent of new developments • Explore achieving a 20 per cent
Biodiversity recorded – see started in 2024 to achieve at least 10 Biodiversity Net Gain on a pilot site
opposite per cent Biodiversity Net Gain • 25 per cent of new developments
started in 2025 to achieve at least 10
per cent Biodiversity Net Gain
• 26 homes in 2023 • Introduce our car charging policy to • All new homes started on-site in
Travel had electric charging support those customers wishing to 2025 to have EV charging points
points available, five install an electric charging point (subject to capacity)
of these were
retrofitted

We will continue to encourage our partners to sign up to the
Next Generation benchmark as a marker for good quality,
sustainable housing and through this framework, look to
increase the level of biodiversity net gain achieved in new
developments.
During 2023 we refined our sustainability strategy, which
now focuses on three key areas:
Operating since 2021, Citra Living exists to
provide high-quality homes to the UK rental • People: demonstrate the difference we are making by
developing our approach to social value
market.
• Place: reduce reliance on fossil fuels
• Partner: 100 per cent partner alignment with our
As a new area of the business, we set out in our 2022
sustainable procurement policy by 2030
reporting a number of key focus areas as part of the
process of scoping and shaping a Citra sustainability
During the year, we started retrofitting pilots for existing
strategy aligned to our Group sustainability ambitions.
homes in the private rental sector (PRS), along with a Zero
Bills pilot on one of our new developments. In addition,
Our initial ambition set out areas of focus across building
where requested by customers we have undertaken
standards, biodiversity, travel and data. Our activities in 2023
retrofitting to allow for electric vehicle charging. have focused on outlining Citra’s ambitions, and we
continue to build the capabilities to calculate our baseline
Next year, we will continue to focus on how our efforts can
for our operational and supply chain carbon emissions.
also benefit the people who live in the properties we own, for
example, through lower energy consumption, supporting
We outlined last year that we had an ambition to have 10 per
lower carbon transport options and greener more
cent of new projects signed up to the NextGeneration
biodiverse places to live. To this end, we are undertaking an
benchmark. Across our existing strategic partnerships,
energy pilot where we will be monitoring the use of gas,
Barratts are a member of Next Generation, and have just
electric, water and air quality in homes and using this
been announced as the number 2 most sustainable
insight to understand more about how our homes perform
developer at the Next Generation awards 2023. In the same
and sharing this information with our customers, to help
awards Keepmoat were listed in the top 10 developers and
them live more sustainably. We also hope to contract on our
they have signed up to the Next Generation Project level, with
first Future Home Standard development and we will
the first results due early 2024. In addition, Galliford Try have
continue to develop our data strategy, to define and
signed up to NextGen Project Level on our first build-to-rent
measure baselines, understanding our impacts and the
tower.
opportunity to drive improvements as we continue to grow.
For 2023, we also targeted 10 per cent biodiversity net gain on
each new development, and we had ambitions to deliver 50
per cent of new schemes in 2024 to Future Homes Standards.
However, we have not been able to achieve these ambitions
thus far. This is largely owing to delays in introducing the
Biodiversity Net Gain requirement under the 2021 Environment
Act and the delays in government issuing the Future Home
Standard guidance (consultation issued end of 2023 with
responses due March 2024). In addition, at the point that we
entered into contract for the majority of our schemes, work
had already started on site under previous building
regulations. The requirement to deliver Biodiversity Net Gain
will start to apply in 2024, with Future Homes Standards due to
come in from 2025 and we remain committed to these as
minimum standards.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 126
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Greening the built environment continued
Home
insurance
Lloyds Banking Group (and its associated
brands)1 offers buildings and content
insurance to residents in the UK. We aim
to support customers in improving the
resilience of their homes against extreme
weather caused by climate change. As a
business, we also strive to advocate for
change with policymakers and other firms
in the industry.
Our strategy focuses on two areas:
See page 118 for details on this
1. Propositions to improve flood resilience
system
Climate change is projected to alter the frequency, severity
and location of weather events that impact our UK general
insurance portfolio. The UK will experience increases in
extreme rainfall leading to increased flooding. Whilst river
and coastal flooding can be modelled with catchment- Our aim is to
scale hydrological models, allowing for advance planning in
mitigation measures, the nature of surface water flooding support customers
(localised and difficult to predict) makes equivalent
mitigation planning more challenging.
in improving the
Given the increasing frequency and devastating household
resilience of their
impacts of flooding, flood resilience is a priority for us in
supporting our customers. We recognise the opportunity
homes against
and imperative to improve the flood resistance and
resilience of those homes that are most at risk of flooding.
extreme weather
Our Build Back Better initiative (backed by Flood Re) is a
commitment to spend up to £10,000 on specialist flood caused by climate
surveys and fitting property flood resistance and/or
resilience measures following eligible flood claims. To change.
identify the most appropriate measures for eligible
customers – including floodgates and self-closing air bricks
– we have onboarded specialist flood surveyors to provide
expert advice to our customers. The Build Back Better
scheme went live on 1 July 2022 and the first eligible claim
was registered the following month.

Our purpose in action
To help customers protect themselves and their homes from Financing sustainable energy products
the physical impacts of weather events, we are able to reach
out, via email, with pre-season advice and guidance. In 2023,
Our Consumer Lending team embarked on a pilot
we issued pre-summer communications to our customers
with Octopus Energy to build a bespoke MBNA
providing guidance on behaviours they can adopt to reduce
journey for customers wishing to finance their heat
risks of fires as well as protecting their homes and belongings
pump purchase. This enabled customers with an
when travelling during the summer holiday period.
Throughout the winter we will issue advice on how to protect appetite for sustainable-energy products to easily
homes against the impacts of cold weather, such as burst pay and spread the cost using a loan from within the
pipes. Alongside preventative communications, we also heat pump purchase journey.
reach out to our customers ahead of severe weather events.
In October 2023, we sent almost 12,000 emails to customers in
Scotland, in locations with a red weather warning due to Soaring energy prices have meant
Storm Babet, explaining to our customers how they could that UK households are
reach out, if they needed to make a claim. considering more affordable and
sustainable heating solutions to SDG 7.3: By 2030,
Whilst flooding presents a known challenge, the UK is also brace for the winter months, double the global
expected to experience hotter, drier summers, which is ensuring their homes remain rate of improvement
predicted to increase the risk of properties exposed to adequately heated. In response to in energy efficiency
subsidence. Ground movement in areas of chalky soil may this, the Group collaborated with SDG 9.4: By 2030,
increase and subsidence could start to affect properties trusted supplier Octopus Energy, upgrade
that have previously been at lower risk of subsidence. piloting this proposition to help infrastructure and
customers finance their heat retrofit industries to
make them
2. Decarbonisation pump purchase via an MBNA loan, sustainable, with
Whilst there is currently no prescribed methodology for in turn enabling a move to increased resourcemeasuring emissions on insured properties to support net sustainable heating solution. Heat use efficiency and
zero progress and reporting, we will continue to monitor and pumps use less energy than even greater adoption of
engage with developments in this area. the most efficient gas boilers to clean and
generate the same amount of environmentally
heat. sound technologies
3. Advocating change
and industrial
In order to facilitate systemic change, we believe that acting
processes, with all
as a convener and creating a platform for open dialogue Our MBNA loans application countries taking and a diverse representation of expertise outside of just process with pre-approval action in accordance
financial services will help us to solve for the challenges we functionality was integrated within with their respective
now face. To these ends we are building relationships with the Octopus Energy customer capabilities.
environmental groups, experts and thought leaders who are journey, so consumers who want
supporting us in delivering training and embedding to install a heat pump can easily
sustainability into our leadership roles. We have also access finance.
identified the need to advocate for change within
policymaking, leveraging our relationships with government This journey is purely digital which
and industry to influence policy in both flood resilience and is more sustainable than
broader weather-related resilience and adaptation efforts. applications via branch or
telephony.
Additionally, educating our colleagues remains key in
delivering change across our business; we have been
working alongside our learning team to identify and build
capability and capacity for decision-making aligned to the
broader sustainability agenda.
1 The home insurance liabilities are managed under Scottish Widows Group.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 127
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 128]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 128]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 128]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 128]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 128]
| See page 118 for details on this system
----------------------------------------
Our aim is to support customers in improving the resilience of their homes against extreme weather caused by climate change. |

[Table 6 — Page 128]
|
----------------------------------------

Low carbon
transport
Part of our systems approach:
Greening the built environment
Low carbon transport
Sustainable farming and food
Energy transition
System boundary
Our low carbon transport system addresses transport
by road and by air. It includes our retail vehicle leasing
and financing activity, as well as support for transport
operators, the companies that manufacture vehicles to
produce cleaner more efficient vehicles, and those that
develop greener alternative fuels. Emissions for our rail
and shipping activities within the transportation sector
are not currently included, due to their low materiality
and exposure.

Road transport
The road transport sector in the UK plays a pivotal role in the
country’s infrastructure, connecting communities,
facilitating trade and driving economic growth. With a
significant network of roads spanning cities, towns and rural
areas, this sector serves the nation’s transportation system.
Renewable energy technology is also changing how our
cars, vans and buses are powered.
The CCC’s 2023 Progress Report highlights that reducing
emissions from this sector relies on four main outcomes:
• Rapid uptake of zero-emission vehicles
• Improved conventional vehicle efficiency
• Shift to low carbon modes of transport, including active
travel and public transport
• More efficient use of vehicles, including car sharing
Key recent policy developments relevant to achieving
our road transport decarbonisation targets
The government has introduced several policies that can
aid decarbonisation, including:
• New Local Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (LEVI) fund
designed to support the installation of electric vehicle
chargers for homes without off-street parking
• New regulations that will ensure prices across charge
System challenges points are transparent and easy to compare and that
many new public charge points will have contactless
payment options
Surface transport is the highest • Charge point providers will also be required to open up
emitting sector in the UK, accounting their data so that charge points that meet customers’
for 23 per cent of total emissions1. needs are easy to locate
Decarbonisation will require However, some policy actions may slow progress slightly,
fundamental changes including the such as:
shift from fossil fuels to electrical or
• Delayed ban on the sale of internal combustion engine
other low-carbon alternative power vehicles from 2030 to 2035
sources, changes to how people and
The CCC concluded that delaying the fossil car phase-out
goods are moved around, with greater
date to 2035 is expected to have only a small direct impact
use of public transport, cycling and on future emissions, due to the now-confirmed Zero
Emission Vehicle (ZEV) Mandate that sets targets for 80 per walking, and a continued rollout of
cent of new cars and 70 per cent of new vans sold by 2030
charging infrastructure and sustainable to be zero-emission, with financial penalties for
aviation fuels. Many policies to aid manufacturers which do not meet targets.
reductions have significant risks in
1 Estimated 2022 direct emissions as reported in the CCC June 2023 Progress
delivering reductions required. Report. This figure includes cars, vans , buses and HGVs (heavy goods vehicles).
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 128
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Low carbon transport continued
CCC assessment – Road and aviation
The CCC’s assessment concludes that policy progress in CCC’s overall assessment of progress:
the surface transport sector has been slower than Credible plans present
expected with credible policies in place to meet only 38
per cent of the required emission reductions and delays Some risks
to key polices are increasing delivery risks. It also
Significant risks
indicated that policy progress has been partial in the
aviation sector with ‘significant risks’ in delivering the Insufficient plans
necessary emission reductions.
Policy area for road transport CCC overall assessment
Decarbonisation of electricity grid
Uptake of zero-emission vehicles:
cars Early Mass Late
adopters Market adopters
vans
buses
Conventional vehicles – efficiency, hybrids and biofuels
Passenger transport – reducing car travel
Policy area for aviation CCC overall assessment
Demand
Sustainable aviation fuel
Zero-emission aircraft
Offsets and removals
Efficiencies (e.g. avoiding emissions from transportation of more fuel than
is required and avoiding near-empty flights)
The tables above summarise the CCC June 2023 overall
assessment for policy areas that are the most relevant
to delivering our emission reduction targets.

Aviation Our actions
Aviation is recognised to be a hard-to-abate sector. Aviation
emissions were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and
We are considering the wider changes
the rising cost of living, but the long-term historical trend in
aviation shows a gradual increase in emissions due to rising needed across the transport system
demand for long-haul flights only partly being and how our retail and commercial
compensated for by improved efficiencies.
banks can play different, yet
The CCC’s 2023 Progress Report highlights that reducing complementary, roles in supporting
emissions and achieving net zero in this sector relies on
our customers to transition. We have
three main outcomes:
developed products and propositions
• Reducing emission intensity of aviation, including to help customers understand the best
through innovation (sustainable aviation fuel, zeroway to transition to greener vehicles
emission aircraft) and efficiency improvements
• Managing demand including making low carbon and to ensure switching to electric fuel
alternative travel options available and affordable types is as hassle-free and cost-
• Developing high-quality offsets and removals to achieve
effective as possible, including via
net zero by 2050
partnerships. We are also engaging our
Key recent policy developments relevant to achieving our corporate clients to set science-based
aviation decarbonisation targets
targets and with government and other
The government has announced current and future actions external stakeholders to ensure there is
that can aid decarbonisation, including:
a supportive external environment to
• Committing to introducing a revenue certainty facilitate transition.
mechanism (subsidy) to support sustainable aviation
fuel (SAF) production
• Publishing a Delivery Plan to support subsidy scheme
design, including at least 10 per cent mandatory
proportion of total jet fuel to be SAF by 2025 and five SAF
plants in construction by 2025
These developments recognise that much of the
technology available to decarbonise the aviation sector is
nascent, with large amounts of funding still required to scale
production and integration of alternative fuels like SAF. The
International Energy Agency does not expect this sector to
decarbonise by 2050, with a reliance on carbon offsets for
this sector to achieve net zero (International Energy Agency,
Net Zero by 2050, published 2021).
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 129
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Low carbon transport continued
Retail motor
>50%
car and van emissions intensity
reduction (gCO e/km) between
2018 and 2030
As a UK-focused bank we play a significant
role in the whole ecosystem required to
successfully transition towards a
sustainable transport model. 1 in 8
Our retail motor business leases vehicles through Lex ultra low emission vehicles on UK
Autolease and finances vehicles through our Black Horse
roads financed by the Group
and our core-bank brands. In February 2023, we announced
the acquisition of Tusker, a dedicated salary sacrifice
business. Over 1.1 million vehicles on the road today are
funded through our business, including over 194,000 low
emission vehicles.
See page 128 for details of this
system

Cars
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Cars
(gCOe/km) 2
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
2030 Target
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Low carbon transport – Retail motor
Targets1
In 2022, we published our retail motor targets to reduce the Cars emission intensity reduction 2018 to 20301
emission intensity of cars and vans:
Reduce the emission intensity (Scope 1 and 2) of the cars and
vans we lease or finance by more than 50 per cent by 2030 (from
a 2018 baseline) of 150gCO2e/km (cars) and 198gCO2e/km (vans),
reaching 75gCO2e/km (cars) and 99gCO2e/km (vans) or lower.
During 2023, we revised our methodology for calculating
vehicle emissions, resulting in our restatement of the emission
intensity target values for 2030. Our overall ambition in terms of
percentage reduction is unchanged.
This ambition is ahead of the CCC’s 1.5 degrees balanced net
zero pathway (BNZP), when accounting for the required
reductions in tailpipe emissions (Scope 1) from vehicles with Vans
fossil fuel internal combustion engines (using data from the (gCOe/km)
CCC’s 2023 Progress Report) and the CCC’s 1.5 aligned BNZP for
V Vaannss emission intensity reduction 2018 to 20301
decarbonisation of emissions from grid electricity (Scope 2) to
power electric vehicles. 300
Methodology change
We have adopted a more accurate methodology for 200
calculating vehicle emissions.
Following the emissions scandal, vehicle emission measurement 100
moved from New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) to the Worldwide
Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP) standard. The
changeover for cars and vans was staggered with all private cars 0
registered post 1 September 2018 using the WLTP classification. 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Before our 2023 methodology update, our model to calculate
Scenario pathway Actual
emission intensity of our portfolio used a combination of modern
2030 Target
WLTP vehicle emissions where available for newer vehicles and
NEDC vehicles for older vehicles.
The updated methodology adopts WLTP emission factors and
applies an uplift to NEDC where these data are not available.
The new methodology uplifts all NEDC emission intensities by
c.16 per cent which is significant, providing a more accurate
reflection of the emissions intensity baseline and warranting 1 Scenario pathway based on a linear interpolation between 2018
a restatement of targets. and 2030 CCC BNZP scenario data.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 130
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 131]
>50% car and van emissions intensity reduction (gCO e/km) between 2 2018 and 2030 1 in 8 ultra low emission vehicles on UK roads financed by the Group See page 128 for details of this system | | Low carbon transport – Retail motor Targets1 Cars (gCOe/km) 2 Cars In 2022, we published our retail motor targets to reduce the Cars emission intensity reduction 2018 to 20301 emission intensity of cars and vans: )2m/eOCg( 200 Reduce the emission intensity (Scope 1 and 2) of the cars and 2 150 vans we lease or finance by more than 50 per cent by 2030 (from a 2018 baseline) of 150gCO2e/km (cars) and 198gCO2e/km (vans), ytisnetni reaching 75gCO2e/km (cars) and 99gCO2e/km (vans) or lower. 100 During 2023, we revised our methodology for calculating lacisyhP 50 vehicle emissions, resulting in our restatement of the emission intensity target values for 2030. Our overall ambition in terms of 0 percentage reduction is unchanged. 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Scenario pathway Actual This ambition is ahead of the CCC’s 1.5 degrees balanced net 2030 Target zero pathway (BNZP), when accounting for the required reductions in tailpipe emissions (Scope 1) from vehicles with Vans fossil fuel internal combustion engines (using data from the (gCOe/km) 2 CCC’s 2023 Progress Report) and the CCC’s 1.5 aligned BNZP for V Vaannss emission intensity reduction 2018 to 20301 decarbonisation of emissions from grid electricity (Scope 2) to )2m/eOCg( power electric vehicles. 300 2 Methodology change We have adopted a more accurate methodology for 200 ytisnetni calculating vehicle emissions. Following the emissions scandal, vehicle emission measurement 100 lacisyhP moved from New European Driving Cycle (NEDC) to the Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure (WLTP) standard. The changeover for cars and vans was staggered with all private cars 0 registered post 1 September 2018 using the WLTP classification. 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Before our 2023 methodology update, our model to calculate Scenario pathway Actual emission intensity of our portfolio used a combination of modern 2030 Target WLTP vehicle emissions where available for newer vehicles and NEDC vehicles for older vehicles. The updated methodology adopts WLTP emission factors and applies an uplift to NEDC where these data are not available. The new methodology uplifts all NEDC emission intensities by c.16 per cent which is significant, providing a more accurate reflection of the emissions intensity baseline and warranting 1 Scenario pathway based on a linear interpolation between 2018 a restatement of targets. and 2030 CCC BNZP scenario data.
----------------------------------------
| See page 128 for details of this system |

Low carbon transport continued
Low carbon transport – Retail motor continued
Implementation strategy Risks and dependencies
Our focus over the last five+ years has been primarily on We have extended the age and mileage parameters for The recent decision by the UK government to delay the ban on cost savings that could be made. The used market for EVs is
cars: providing company car policy guidance, salary vehicles we finance to allow longer contracts with lower the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles to 2035 runs the risk of starting to mature and an ongoing supply and demand in
sacrifice – including the investment in Tusker to speed up monthly payments – this allows us to finance more EVs longer undermining the progress that has been made to date, for this area is vital for a healthy transition in the future. To
capabilities to help the rate of adoption. We have rolled out into their lives. Through Lex Autolease we are piloting an example, consumers may not feel the urgency to purchase/ mitigate these risks, there are several dependencies that
initiatives in used cars such as subsidised EV finance and initiative to re-lease electric vehicles for shorter durations (one lease an electric vehicle and some inward investment relating must be considered, including traditional automotive original
used car leasing. to three years) in the market, working through corporate and to EV manufacturing could be jeopardised. In general, we do not equipment manufacturers (OEMs) shifting their product mix
broker channels, where we are already receiving positive anticipate the delay to affect manufacturers’ EV production from ICE to EVs; growth of consumer demand, for both new
As a Group we are well prepared for the transition from feedback. behaviour as manufacturing is planned five to seven years in and used EVs, and the significant scaling-up of charging
internal combustion engine (ICE) cars to electric vehicles advance. infrastructure and investments in the electricity grid to
(EVs). We have committed to providing £8 billion of green We have also launched a leasing proposition for used electric support this.
lending for new battery electric and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, enabling us to test the market and identify issues and The government’s zero emission vehicle (ZEV) mandate has
vehicles by 2024. In 2022 we provided over £2 billion of this quickly develop solutions. now been finalised, setting out expectation for 80 per cent of One of the key areas where investment is needed is to
funding and in 2023, added an additional £3.6 billion. Our new cars and 70 per cent of new vans sold in Great Britain to be increase the accessibility and affordability of charging
strategy covers four key areas: As part of our wider Group plan to help provide customers with zero emission by 2030, increasing to 100 per cent by 2035. For infrastructure for residents. This is especially crucial for the
• Increase awareness and support customers to energy-efficient solutions, we have teamed up with Octopus cars, the ZEV mandate is more realistic. For vans, the target of c.20 per cent1 of residents who reside in housing blocks and
understand whether a transition to a greener vehicle is Energy to pilot EV charging services to our Lex Salary Sacrifice 70 per cent by 2030 may be overly optimistic. For electric vans, who are most likely to rely on public charging infrastructure,
suitable for their circumstances and corporate drivers, to help make their EV journey easier. We there are a number of challenges that are hindering growth, which is much more expensive than using home energy,
• Develop propositions that make switching to electric fuel will refer drivers and our corporate clients to Octopus Energy including mileage range and the limited product range, exacerbated by a difference in VAT rates. This could create
types as hassle-free and cost-effective as possible in who will offer them a range of Home Chargers to choose from, together with a limited used market for electric vans. much greater demand in communities that would
both the new and used markets a smart electricity tariff aimed at making home charging Availability of charging infrastructure is also a key issue. The otherwise find it difficult to transition to EVs. Encouragingly,
• Form enduring strategic partnerships that support and cheaper, along with access to public charging with just one finalised ZEV mandate for vans has reduced the government’s there have been a number of significant positive policy
facilitate our transition to net zero single card. targets for 2024 and reduced fines for manufacturers developments to increase EV charging infrastructure,
• Develop targeted external engagement and lobbying achieving their goals, which could impede uptake of electric including:
activity to support building an external environment We are also proactively engaging with external organisations vans. Based on our current forecasts, we calculate a significant
that will facilitate the achievement of our emissions to make access to charging easier and more cost-efficient for gap between the projected emission intensity of our electric • Widening eligibility of EV charge point grants to include
reduction targets those who do not have access to home charging. For vans, we van portfolio and our target in 2030. cross-pavement solutions to make EV ownership a more
are also exploring how we can use our data to aid corporate practical option for those without off-street parking (Ref
customers to transition (e.g. using telematics) and we are More widely, there is a continuing need to increase skills to Plan for Drivers, Department for Transport, October 2023)
working with industry bodies such as BVRLA in advocating for maintain and service EVs, to match customer demand. In • New regulations to ensure that prices across chargepolicies to increase the pace of charging infrastructure rollout. addition, for the used EV market to develop and reach a points are transparent and easy to compare and that a
broader customer base, there is a need for dealers to buy and large proportion of new public charge points have
Alongside financing, the government and the energy and sell more used EVs. contactless payment options (announced October 2023)
motor industries will need to work together to ensure the • Funding to support local authorities increase charging
confidence of the public, which is vital to enable the move to Supply chain and chip shortages within the sector had infrastructure
£3.6bn sustainable forms of transport. previously been seen as the biggest risk to the electric transition
although this does appear to be easing. The generally higher
in green lending for new battery vehicle purchase cost and concerns about charging
electric and plug-in hybrid infrastructure remain significant barriers to adoption,
particularly when it can be difficult to understand any whole life
electric vehicles in 2023
1 EHS Household report.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 131
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Low carbon transport continued
Low carbon transport – Retail motor continued
Engagement strategy Just transition
An important part of our strategy is to engage with We are also working with industry initiatives and partnerships Used EV leasing – In April we launched a used EV leasing proof
policymakers to ensure there is an attractive marketplace to help accelerate change, these including: of concept proposition for corporate customers that offers
for new and used EVs as well expanding the UK’s charge flexibility. The proposition supports customers to quickly access
point infrastructure. As a leading UK provider of greener • The Climate Group – UK Electric Fleets Coalition: We joined cost-effective, green vehicles. In the current environment, this
fleets for businesses, and an enabler to access more the steering group of The Climate Group’s UK Electric Fleets can help to counter the long lead times in acquiring an EV, but
environmentally-friendly vehicles for our customers, we are Coalition in 2021 as part of a small group of business leaders also importantly to make EV ownership more widely accessible
confident that we can help meet the challenge of keeping using their market experience to advocate for UK policy and affordable at a time when the cost of living is high.
the nation moving in a more sustainable way up to and measures to accelerate the transition to electric cars and
beyond 2030. vans, such as stimulating EV supply and investing in EV We have validated that there is demand for used EVs, but used
charging leasing has added complexity. Having a multi-disciplined
This year, our five key policy asks for government to focus • Electric Vehicle Fleet Accelerator (EVFA): We joined in 2021 product feature team and dedicated model office working
attention to drive the transition to EVs: to help address challenges by providing a platform for together has enabled us to identify issues early and quickly
members to collaborate, identify potential solutions and implement solutions.
1. Prioritise the rapid and fair rollout of charging leverage aggregate corporate demand to support a joint
infrastructure. commitment to buy 100,000 British manufactured EV vans by
2. Provide certainty around the zero emission vehicle the end of the decade, or sooner if availability allows
mandate.
3. Provide clarity on benefit in kind rates beyond 2028.
4. Consider the future of EV maintenance and consumer
information.
5. Introduce a national battery strategy which aims to
support the development of the battery manufacturing
industry in the UK.
These policy asks guided our one-to-one conversations
with multiple MPs and our participation in thought
leadership events, from panel sessions at conferences to
conversations during the summer’s EV rally.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 132
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Low carbon transport continued

Our purpose in action
Tusker joins the Group
In 2023, more than 1.1 million cars and We operate Tusker on a standalone Tusker has been committed to
vans on UK roads were leased or basis as a third strategic brand in the offsetting carbon emissions, initially
financed through Lex Autolease, Black market alongside the Lex Autolease with its own operations in 2010, before
Horse and Tusker; transport business and Black Horse businesses, to expanding to include all its vehicles in SDG 9.4: By 2030,
now finances one in eight ULEVs on UK balance disruption with the benefits 2013. The offsetting was originally upgrade
roads. We have continued to make and capabilities to be leveraged from focused on the tailpipe emissions of infrastructure and
progress on our commitment to being part of Lloyds Banking Group. cars, but in 2020, due to the number retrofit industries to
reduce our financed emissions by 50 Over 1,800 companies are now of EVs the company was delivering, make them
sustainable, with
per cent or more by 2030. As part of supported by Tusker’s fleet of Tusker went one step further and now
increased resourceour strategy to achieve this we c.40,000 vehicles, of which 75 per incorporates the emissions created
use efficiency and acquired Tusker in February 2023 who cent are EVs, with current orders set from charging EVs.
greater adoption of
are experts in salary sacrifice cars. to increase it to 82 per cent. Based in clean and
This acquisition was derived from our Watford with colleagues across the Tusker’s offsetting is conducted by environmentally
2022 strategy ambitions to grow our country, Tusker now has over 300 the Carbon Footprint organisation sound technologies
participation in motor finance and employees focusing on customer who use verified offsetting standards and industrial
leasing in a sustainable way. Their excellence and following a clear to ensure that the benefits of processes, with all
commitment to salary sacrifice and vision to help the UK drive a better offsetting are felt across the world, as countries taking
action in accordance
low-emission vehicles has seen car. They were early members of the well as with UK tree-planting projects.
with their respective
Tusker grow their customer base EV100, a group of companies that
capabilities.
tenfold in the last ten years. Tusker’s have committed to a zero-emission Tusker has purchased more than
market-leading proposition provides future and that their fleet will be fully 49,300t of carbon credits associated
a superior service having integrated electric by 2030. with the emissions or potential
technology and relationships with charging emissions from the more
Enterprise Benefit Providers who offer Since Tusker’s acquisition by Lloyds than 16,000 vehicles which have been
the salary sacrifice scheme to Banking Group in February 2023, delivered since Tusker’s acquisition
businesses. Tusker is accelerating our c.500 customers have joined the by Lloyds Banking Group in February
progress to increase the breadth and Tusker salary sacrifice scheme, which 2023. More than 85 per cent of
diversification of our transport provides more than 315,000 Tusker’s deliveries are now pure EVs.
business. additional employees with the
opportunity to drive a brand-new, The offsetting for each car Tusker
zero-emission vehicle, bringing the puts on the roads, continues for the
total to over 1.7 million organisations. entire length of the agreement the
In the same period, Tusker delivered driver has with Tusker.
more than 20,000 cars to drivers,
almost doubling its fleet in less than a
year.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 133
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 134]
r purpose in action Tusker joins th In 2023, more than 1.1 million cars an vans on UK roads were leased or financed through Lex Autolease, Bla Horse and Tusker; transport busines now finances one in eight ULEVs on roads. We have continued to make progress on our commitment to reduce our financed emissions by 5 per cent or more by 2030. As part of our strategy to achieve this we acquired Tusker in February 2023 wh are experts in salary sacrifice cars. This acquisition was derived from ou 2022 strategy ambitions to grow our participation in motor finance and leasing in a sustainable way. Their commitment to salary sacrifice and low-emission vehicles has seen Tusker grow their customer base tenfold in the last ten years. Tusker’s market-leading proposition provide a superior service having integrated technology and relationships with Enterprise Benefit Providers who offe the salary sacrifice scheme to businesses. Tusker is accelerating o progress to increase the breadth an diversification of our transport business. | Overview e Group Our d We operate Tusker on a standalone Tusker has been committed to Group basis as a third strategic brand in the offsetting carbon emissions, initially ck market alongside the Lex Autolease with its own operations in 2010, before strategy s and Black Horse businesses, to expanding to include all its vehicles in SDG 9.4: By 2030, UK balance disruption with the benefits 2013. The offsetting was originally upgrade and capabilities to be leveraged from focused on the tailpipe emissions of infrastructure and being part of Lloyds Banking Group. cars, but in 2020, due to the number retrofit industries to 0 Over 1,800 companies are now of EVs the company was delivering, make them sustainable, with supported by Tusker’s fleet of Tusker went one step further and now increased resource- c.40,000 vehicles, of which 75 per incorporates the emissions created use efficiency and o cent are EVs, with current orders set from charging EVs. How greater adoption of to increase it to 82 per cent. Based in clean and we r Watford with colleagues across the Tusker’s offsetting is conducted by environmentally deliver country, Tusker now has over 300 the Carbon Footprint organisation sound technologies employees focusing on customer who use verified offsetting standards and industrial excellence and following a clear to ensure that the benefits of processes, with all vision to help the UK drive a better offsetting are felt across the world, as countries taking action in accordance car. They were early members of the well as with UK tree-planting projects. with their respective EV100, a group of companies that capabilities. have committed to a zero-emission Tusker has purchased more than s future and that their fleet will be fully 49,300t of carbon credits associated Inclusive electric by 2030. with the emissions or potential charging emissions from the more r Since Tusker’s acquisition by Lloyds than 16,000 vehicles which have been Banking Group in February 2023, delivered since Tusker’s acquisition future ur c.500 customers have joined the by Lloyds Banking Group in February d Tusker salary sacrifice scheme, which 2023. More than 85 per cent of provides more than 315,000 Tusker’s deliveries are now pure EVs. additional employees with the opportunity to drive a brand-new, The offsetting for each car Tusker zero-emission vehicle, bringing the puts on the roads, continues for the total to over 1.7 million organisations. entire length of the agreement the Sustainable In the same period, Tusker delivered driver has with Tusker. more than 20,000 cars to drivers, almost doubling its fleet in less than a year. future
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 134]
|
----------------------------------------
|
|
|
|
|
|

Low carbon transport continued
Road
passenger
transport
Our clients whose primary business is
transportation of passengers, which
includes buses, coaches, taxis and rentals.
Decarbonisation of this sector is driven by
the move from internal combustion engines
to electrification.

Road
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Low carbon transport – Road passenger transport
49%
road passenger transport Target Implementation strategy
emissions intensity reduction
(gCO e/pkm) between 2019
and 2030 This year we have developed a 2030 target for our Commercial Central to our implementation strategy for this target is
Banking portfolio of corporate road passenger transport engaging our clients to set their own credible targets by the
operators. We have used the 1.5 degree aligned balanced net end of 2025, aligned with 1.5 degrees. Our continuing
zero pathway of the Climate Change Committee as our finance to clients beyond 2025 will be dependent on
reference. Our target requires an emissions intensity reduction credible targets and plans being in place.
of 49 per cent from our 2019 baseline of 165gCO2e/pkm to
85gCO2e/pkm in 2030. We selected 2019 as the baseline year Additionally, we are targeting additional corporate lending,
given the impacts of the COVID-19 lock downs on passenger asset finance and project finance to bus owners and
Engage with clients
behaviour in the years 2020 and 2021, and 2022 data not yet operators to finance the rollout of low carbon (electric and
being available. hydrogen) buses by 2030.
to set their own
The availability of granular client emissions data is a challenge
credible targets for setting a target in this sector. Due to challenges accessing
data for SME clients, our target covers larger clients in our
(1.5 degrees aligned) corporate and institutional business. Even for larger clients,
there are methodological challenges in translating available
by end of 2025. Scope 1 emissions data into an intensity metric due to the lack
of client-level passenger km data, meaning that significant
assumptions are required.
Road
(gCOe/m2)
Road2 passenger emission intensity reduction
2019 to 2030
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
See page 128 for details of this Reference pathway 2030 Target
system
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 134
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 135]
49% road passenger transport emissions intensity reduction (gCO e/pkm) between 2019 2 and 2030 Engage with clients to set their own credible targets (1.5 degrees aligned) by end of 2025. See page 128 for details of this system | | Low carbon transport – Road passenger transport Target Implementation strategy This year we have developed a 2030 target for our Commercial Central to our implementation strategy for this target is Banking portfolio of corporate road passenger transport engaging our clients to set their own credible targets by the operators. We have used the 1.5 degree aligned balanced net end of 2025, aligned with 1.5 degrees. Our continuing zero pathway of the Climate Change Committee as our finance to clients beyond 2025 will be dependent on reference. Our target requires an emissions intensity reduction credible targets and plans being in place. of 49 per cent from our 2019 baseline of 165gCO2e/pkm to 85gCO2e/pkm in 2030. We selected 2019 as the baseline year Additionally, we are targeting additional corporate lending, given the impacts of the COVID-19 lock downs on passenger asset finance and project finance to bus owners and behaviour in the years 2020 and 2021, and 2022 data not yet operators to finance the rollout of low carbon (electric and being available. hydrogen) buses by 2030. The availability of granular client emissions data is a challenge for setting a target in this sector. Due to challenges accessing data for SME clients, our target covers larger clients in our corporate and institutional business. Even for larger clients, there are methodological challenges in translating available Scope 1 emissions data into an intensity metric due to the lack of client-level passenger km data, meaning that significant assumptions are required. Road (gCOe/m2) Road2 passenger emission intensity reduction Road 2019 to 2030 )2m/eOCg( 200 2 150 ytisnetni 100 lacisyhP 50 0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Scenario pathway Actual Reference pathway 2030 Target
----------------------------------------
| See page 128 for details of this system |

Low carbon transport continued
Low carbon transport – Road passenger transport continued
Risks and dependencies Just transition
We recognise there are real challenges in decarbonising A thriving public transport sector is an essential component
the road passenger sector. The move to low carbon of the transport system, enabling people to travel in the
technologies is dependent on a supportive policy most cost-effective and environmentally sound way, for
environment, supporting innovation, infrastructure and work and leisure. As the transport system faces
supply of alternative low carbon fuels where necessary transformative change, a key component of our strategy is
while encouraging the modal shift towards public transport. to support the passenger transport sector to transition to
net zero while continuing to serve their communities.
For bus, coach and taxi operators, there is a fundamental
reliance on passenger demand for bus/coach travel, to
create the business incentive to move to low carbon
vehicles. For rentals, the transition to EVs is very much
dependent on customer demand to select a rental EV over
a conventional internal combustion engine, which in turn is
influenced by cost and easy access to reliable charging
infrastructure. How consumer demand will evolve, in
response to the wider economic trends, will strongly
See pages 93 to 94 for an
influence our ability to deliver our target.
overview of just transition
Page 134 – Photo by Tak-Kei Wong

Our purpose in action
Miray Muminoglu, Managing Director,
Octopus
Head of Securitised Products Group
and FIG DCM at Lloyds Bank, said:
Electric Vehicles
“Given the alignment across the two
institutions in supporting the
transition to net zero, and our leading
auto franchise within SPG, this facility
Last year, Lloyds Bank completed a demonstrates not only our strategic
£550 million debt securitisation ambitions to broaden and deepen
facility with Octopus Electric Vehicles our client relationships but also our
SDG 9.4: By 2030, (Octopus EV). The financing will be commitment to Help Britain Prosper.”
upgrade used to expand the company’s EV
infrastructure and salary sacrifice programme, which
retrofit industries to began in 2021. The programme
make them enables drivers to save up to 40 per
sustainable, with
cent on their monthly leasing costs,
increased resourcewhile the company provides
use efficiency and
greater adoption of everything they need to take the road
clean and – the car, a charger and discounted
environmentally energy tariff. Octopus EV, a subsidiary
sound technologies of Octopus Energy Group, has
and industrial emerged as a significant catalyst in
processes, with all propelling the shift towards ecocountries taking
friendly, electric transportation.
action in accordance
with their respective
capabilities.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 135
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 136]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 136]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 136]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 136]
|
----------------------------------------

Low carbon transport continued
Automotive
original
equipment
manufacturers
(OEMs)
The production of vehicles is highly
concentrated amongst the world’s largest
automotive manufacturers. This sector’s
transition relies on the shift away from
manufacturing the ICE to battery EVs and
other low emission alternatives.

)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Low carbon transport – Automotive (OEMs)
47%
automotive (OEMs) emissions Target Implementation strategy
intensity reduction (gCO e/vkm)
between 2020 and 2030
Reduce the emission intensity (including Scope 1, 2 and 3 Last year we signalled our intention to grow sustainable
emissions) of our automotive (OEMs) portfolio by 47 per cent lending and to onboard new EV-only manufacturers. This
from a 2020 baseline of 231gCO2e/vkm, reaching 124gCO2e/vkm year we are pleased to have onboarded a new EV-only
in 2030. manufacturer whilst also supporting the transition of
traditional manufacturers who remain critical to sectorWe originally set a target to reduce emissions intensity from a wide decarbonisation efforts.
We expect our clients
2020 baseline of 217gCO2e/vkm by 47 per cent to 115gCO2e/vkm
by 2030. Previously the emissions baselines of several key In the coming years, we will expect our clients to set targets
to set targets which
clients were based on estimated data. which are either in line with IEA NZE 2050 and/or validated by
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
are either aligned In our refreshed version we have improved our methodology to
use reported client disclosures where possible, resulting in a By the middle of the decade, we will be working with our
with IEA NZE 2030
more accurate 2020 baseline of 231gCO2e/vkm. As a result, clients to ensure they are performing against their
alignment to the same 1.5 degree scenario pathway requires a decarbonisation targets; by the end of the decade we
or validated by SBTi. 47 per cent reduction to 124gCO2e/vkm over the same period. expect all our clients to be meeting these indicators.
We have also calculated the portfolio’s 2022 emissions
intensity to be 232gCO2e/vkm. For our most material automotive clients we will be
assessing their credible transition plans by 2024. We
continue to embed considerations of client targets,
Automotive Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM)
commitments, progress and transition plans into our decision-
(gCOe/vkm)
Auto2motive (OEMs) emission intensity reduction making processes by the end of 2025 as appropriate.
A 2u0t2o0m too t2i0v3e0 O EM
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
Reference pathway 2030 Target
See page 128 for details of this
system
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 136
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 137]
47% automotive (OEMs) emissions intensity reduction (gCO e/vkm) 2 between 2020 and 2030 We expect our clients to set targets which are either aligned with IEA NZE 2030 or validated by SBTi. See page 128 for details of this system | | Low carbon transport – Automotive (OEMs) Target Implementation strategy Reduce the emission intensity (including Scope 1, 2 and 3 Last year we signalled our intention to grow sustainable emissions) of our automotive (OEMs) portfolio by 47 per cent lending and to onboard new EV-only manufacturers. This from a 2020 baseline of 231gCO2e/vkm, reaching 124gCO2e/vkm year we are pleased to have onboarded a new EV-only in 2030. manufacturer whilst also supporting the transition of traditional manufacturers who remain critical to sector- We originally set a target to reduce emissions intensity from a wide decarbonisation efforts. 2020 baseline of 217gCO2e/vkm by 47 per cent to 115gCO2e/vkm by 2030. Previously the emissions baselines of several key In the coming years, we will expect our clients to set targets clients were based on estimated data. which are either in line with IEA NZE 2050 and/or validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). In our refreshed version we have improved our methodology to use reported client disclosures where possible, resulting in a By the middle of the decade, we will be working with our more accurate 2020 baseline of 231gCO2e/vkm. As a result, clients to ensure they are performing against their alignment to the same 1.5 degree scenario pathway requires a decarbonisation targets; by the end of the decade we 47 per cent reduction to 124gCO2e/vkm over the same period. expect all our clients to be meeting these indicators. We have also calculated the portfolio’s 2022 emissions intensity to be 232gCO2e/vkm. For our most material automotive clients we will be assessing their credible transition plans by 2024. We continue to embed considerations of client targets, Automotive Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) commitments, progress and transition plans into our decision- (gCOe/vkm) Auto2motive (OEMs) emission intensity reduction making processes by the end of 2025 as appropriate. A 2u0t2o0m too t2i0v3e0 O EM )2m/eOCg( 400 2 300 ytisnetni 200 lacisyhP 100 0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Scenario pathway Actual Reference pathway 2030 Target
----------------------------------------
| See page 128 for details of this system |

Low carbon transport continued
Low carbon transport – Automotive (OEMs)
Aviation
continued
Risks and dependencies
The net zero transition of the automotive manufacturers Aviation (passenger and freight transport)
is key to delivering not only of this target but also to our
is a hard-to-abate sector, with the required
targets in retail motor (cars and vans) and road
scale-up of sustainable aviation fuels and
passenger (buses, coaches, taxis and rentals). A key
driver for automotive OEMs is consumer appetite for EVs, maturing of low carbon propulsion
which in turn is dependent on the widespread technologies still many years away.
availability of cost-effective charging infrastructure. The
policy landscape underpinning these is relatively
advanced in the UK compared to some other
jurisdictions for our client base, such as the US and
Germany.
A key driver for
automotive OEMs
is consumer appetite
for EVs, which in turn
is dependent on
the widespread
availability of costeffective charging
infrastructure.

2,000
1,500
1,000
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Low carbon transport – Aviation
31%
aviation emissions intensity Target
reduction (gCO e/rtk)
between 2019 and 2030
Reduce the emission intensity per revenue tonne kilometre
of our aviation portfolio by 31 per cent from a 2019 baseline
of 1,028 gCO2e/rtk, reaching 709 gCO2e/rtk by 2030 (based
on the IEA ETP 2020 scenario, aligned with well below 2
degrees).
In our aviation portfolio we originally set a target to reduce
emissions intensity by 31 per cent by 2030 to 633 gCO2e/rtk
from a baseline of 918 gCO2e/rtk in 2019. The 2019 portfolio
baseline has increased by c.12 per cent to 1,028gCO2e/rtk,
driven mainly by client restatements. As a result, alignment
to the same WB2D degree scenario pathway requires a 31
per cent reduction to 709 gCO2e/rtk in the same period.
See page 128 for details of this Progress update
system At year-end 2022, we had reduced the emissions intensity
of our aviation portfolio by 2 per cent per revenue tonne
kilometre from the 2019 baseline of 1,028 gCO2e/rtk, reaching
1,003 gCO2e/rtk. This is expected considering COVID-19
recovery for the sector, where emissions intensity was
expected to return to pre-COVID levels.
Aviation
(gCOe/rtk)
Avia2tion emission intensity reduction
A2v0ia19ti oton 2030
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
Reference pathway 2030 Target
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 137
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 138]
Low carbon transport – Automotive (OEMs) continued Risks and dependencies The net zero transition of the automotive manufacturers is key to delivering not only of this target but also to our targets in retail motor (cars and vans) and road passenger (buses, coaches, taxis and rentals). A key driver for automotive OEMs is consumer appetite for EVs, which in turn is dependent on the widespread availability of cost-effective charging infrastructure. The policy landscape underpinning these is relatively advanced in the UK compared to some other jurisdictions for our client base, such as the US and Germany.
----------------------------------------
A key driver for automotive OEMs is consumer appetite for EVs, which in turn is dependent on the widespread availability of cost- effective charging infrastructure.

[Table 2 — Page 138]
31% aviation emissions intensity reduction (gCO e/rtk) 2 between 2019 and 2030 See page 128 for details of this system | Low carbon transport – Aviation Target Reduce the emission intensity per revenue tonne kilometre of our aviation portfolio by 31 per cent from a 2019 baseline of 1,028 gCO2e/rtk, reaching 709 gCO2e/rtk by 2030 (based on the IEA ETP 2020 scenario, aligned with well below 2 degrees). In our aviation portfolio we originally set a target to reduce emissions intensity by 31 per cent by 2030 to 633 gCO2e/rtk from a baseline of 918 gCO2e/rtk in 2019. The 2019 portfolio baseline has increased by c.12 per cent to 1,028gCO2e/rtk, driven mainly by client restatements. As a result, alignment to the same WB2D degree scenario pathway requires a 31 per cent reduction to 709 gCO2e/rtk in the same period. Progress update At year-end 2022, we had reduced the emissions intensity of our aviation portfolio by 2 per cent per revenue tonne kilometre from the 2019 baseline of 1,028 gCO2e/rtk, reaching 1,003 gCO2e/rtk. This is expected considering COVID-19 recovery for the sector, where emissions intensity was expected to return to pre-COVID levels. Aviation (gCOe/rtk) Avia2tion emission intensity reduction A2v0ia19ti oton 2030 2,000 )2m/eOCg( 2 1,500 ytisnetni 1,000 500 lacisyhP 0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Scenario pathway Actual Reference pathway 2030 Target
----------------------------------------

Low carbon transport continued
Low carbon transport – Aviation continued
Implementation strategy
Our key strategic lever for this sector is to work with our
clients to set targets and develop plans which are aligned
with a 1.5 degree pathway. While many of our clients have
already set targets or committed to set targets aligned with
well below 2°C or 1.5°C scenarios, our modelling indicates
that due to uncertainties around COVID-19 recovery and
technology scale-up, as well as the time lag between our
base year and target adoption by clients, this action alone
is unlikely to deliver the 2030 emissions intensity reduction
for our aggregate aviation portfolio which is required. It will,
however, ensure that in advance of 2030, our portfolio will
be made up of companies converging to net zero by 2050.
In 2023, the market recovered from COVID-19 quicker than
initially anticipated. Over the past months the market has
communicated intentions for investments in enhancing
fleet efficiency. In this sector, we support clients through our
continued deployment of capital and risk management
capabilities, whilst also helping further align finance and
environmental performance in the industry through several
sustainability-linked financing facilities in which we have
played roles as both lender and coordinator.
We continue to engage with clients on the need to set
ambitious targets to achieve net zero greenhouse gas
emissions aligned with the goal of limiting global warming
to 1.5°C. As part of this we encourage clients to share their
decarbonisation strategies, including planned capital
expenditures with associated quantified emissions intensity
reductions. For our most material aviation clients we will be
assessing their credible transition plans by 2024.
We also aim to play a key role in the transition of the
aviation sector through supporting and influencing the
wider aviation value chain to decarbonise, including the
supply chain and aircraft manufacturing.

Risks and dependencies
Key dependencies for this sector include continued support
from governments globally for sustainable aviation fuel
(SAF) production, scaling of SAF capacity and alternative
propulsion technologies (e.g. battery and hydrogen),
expansion of airport infrastructure to run blended fuel lines
and continued evolution of aircraft fleet efficiency. There is
a heavy dependence on SAF, where production is limited at
present.
In the UK, as part of the Jet Zero strategy published in 2022
to deliver net zero aviation by 2050, the SAF mandate will
require at least 10 per cent of jet fuel to be made from
sustainable sources by 2030. This year the government
announced it will launch a consultation on the design and
delivery of a revenue certainty mechanism to support SAF
production in the UK and boost its uptake, giving producers
greater assurance about the earning from the SAF they
produce1. The government has an ambition to have at least
five commercial SAF plants under construction in the UK by
2025.
1 New measures to support sustainable aviation fuel.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 138
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Sustainable
farming
and food
Part of our systems approach:
Greening the built environment
Low carbon transport
Sustainable farming and food
Energy transition
System boundary
Our sustainable farming and food system
addresses primary agriculture and the food
value chain and plays an important role in
ensuring food security in the UK.

Agricultural emissions are mainly from
biological processes in crop and livestock
production and have declined by 16 per cent
since 1990, mainly due to successive reform
of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) and
EU environmental legislation (e.g. Nitrates
Directives). There has been little change in
emissions since 2008. As acknowledged by
the UK government in its Net Zero Strategy
– Build Back Greener (2021, page 171),
‘emissions mitigation in agriculture is
complex and diverse, with no silver bullets’.
Land-based activities that do not lead to food production
are summarised as ‘Land Use, Land Use Change and
Forestry (LULUCF)’, including afforestation and forestry
management, agroforestry and hedges, peatlands and
bio-energy.
The agriculture sector has significant potential to benefit
from, and create wider societal benefits for nature and
climate through implementing nature-based solutions on
farms (e.g. hedgerow planting and peatland restoration). It
is therefore a critical sector for the UK to achieve its net zero
System challenges ambitions.
The CCC’s 2023 Progress Report highlights that reducing
The agriculture sector is responsible for emissions and sequestering carbon from agriculture relies
11 per cent of UK emissions1. Unlike other on three main outcomes:
systems, emissions are mainly derived • Take-up of low carbon farming methods
from natural processes which are • Improved agricultural productivity
• Consumer behaviour change that shifts diets from meat
challenging to abate. Decarbonisation
and dairy to plant-based proteins and reduces food
is dependent on uptake of low carbon waste, releasing agricultural land for uses that sequester
farming methods, improvement in carbon, such as tree planting
agricultural productivity and changes
in consumer behaviour. Many policies
to aid reductions have significant risks
in delivering reductions required.
1 Estimated 2022 direct emissions as reported in the CCC June 2023
Progress Report. Agri-climate report 2022.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 139
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Sustainable farming and food continued
CCC assessment – Agriculture
The CCC’s June 2023 assessment concluded that, CCC’s overall assessment of progress:
despite some recent progress, policies to reduce Some risks
emissions from agriculture have ‘significant risks’
Significant risks
or ‘insufficient plans’.
Insufficient plans
Policy area CCC overall assessment
Improvements in agricultural productivity
Uptake of low carbon farming
Behaviour change – demand and food waste

Key recent policy developments relevant to achieving Our actions
our agriculture decarbonisation target
Through our partnership with the Soil
Several recent government actions can aid
Association Exchange, we have
decarbonisation, including:
developed tools and services to provide
• The Nature Markets Framework appointed the British
our larger clients with consultancy
Standards Institution to expedite a pipeline of investment
standards for nature markets support that identifies valuable insights
• Defra expanded the Sustainable Farming Incentive to into the financial and environmental
allow farmers to be paid for additional activities, impact of sustainability measures and
including precision farming and agroforestry
we have developed a free-to-use
However, policy development to influence behaviour platform which anyone can use to get
change has yet to gain traction in some areas, such as:
recommendations to improve farm
• In September, the government announced it will not practices and seek financial support
deter individuals from consuming meat
where possible. We are also using our
The CCC concluded that the government announcement voice through policy engagement with
ruling out demand-side measures, including diet choices, government and industry to help drive
reduces the available options to reduce emissions,
the transition.
increasing overall delivery risks. It also removes some
important flexibility in the way that future targets can be
met. The CCC continues to advise that supporting the public
to make more sustainable choices in what they eat is an
important part of the pathway to net zero and this could be
achieved via public engagement and by making these
choices easier, more affordable and more attractive.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 140
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Sustainable farming and food continued
Agriculture
25%
agriculture absolute
emissions reduction (MtCO e)
between 2021 and 2030
The agriculture sector plays an important
role in ensuring food security in the UK,
however, it also contributes 11 per cent of total
GHG emissions in the UK1. Educating and
In 2022 the sector accounted for 27.3% of the Bank’s Scope 3 supporting our
emissions, based on 2022 drawn lending of £7.2 billion
making supporting the decarbonisation of this sector a farmers to transition,
priority for the Group.
through our
report ‘Shaping
agriculture’s transition
to net zero future’.
See page 139 for details of this
system
1 Agri-climate report 2022.

Agriculture
(MtCO2e)
Agriculture
8.0
6.0
4.0
2.0
0.0
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Reference pathway Actual
2030 Target
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Our purpose in action
Sustainable farming and food – Agriculture Fonthill Estate
Fonthill Estate is a large 8,500 acre estate in southwest
Wiltshire, with a farm at its heart. James Griffin, who
Target manages the farm on behalf of Velcourt under a
contract farm agreement, and the team have been
working to help modernise the farm in line with new
farming techniques. As a result of their early efforts, the
In 2023, we have developed a 2030 target for our
farm now rarely depends on deep tillage, instead opting
Commercial Banking agriculture portfolio using the Climate
for a direct drilling system and uses organic sources of
Change Committee’s 1.5 degree aligned balanced net zero
fertilisers, which has reduced fertiliser use by more than
pathway as our reference. Our target is to reduce absolute
a third over the last five years. With the farm’s transition
emissions by 25 per cent between 2021 and 2030 (from 6.3
underway, the team was introduced to the Soil
MtCO2e to 4.7 MtCO2e).
Association Exchange (SAX) assessment through Lloyds
Bank to help build on their work. The SAX team visited
Our target covers emissions from primary agriculture, and
Fonthill and spent several days learning about the farm
does not include LULUCF measures (e.g. afforestation,
and collecting data. Spanning six different areas, the SAX
peatland restoration and bio-energy crops which sequester
assessment provides a complete assessment of farms
carbon) as accounting for how these measures affect
and allows clients to see a full picture of their impact
carbon emissions and sequestration is complex and
instead of data being siloed in different places. Once the
currently very uncertain. However, we know that natural
assessment had been completed, James received a
processes play a critical role in sequestering carbon.
report and was able to sit down with an adviser from the
Therefore, we will keep this under review as we recognise
SAX team to discuss recommendations. As a result of the
that accounting for LULUCF will become a necessity when
review, Fonthill is paying greater attention to hedge
we develop an agriculture net zero target beyond 2030.
management schedules to improve water quality,
soils and the farm’s overall biodiversity.
Agriculture absolute emission reduction
2021 to 2030
The SAX assessment
allows us to actually
see the impact of those
SDG 12.2: By 2030,
changes in the data. achieve the
sustainable
From progress on our
management and
soil organic carbon, efficient use of
natural resources.
to the impact on
SDG 15: Protect, biodiversity that our
restore and promote
buffer strips are sustainable use of
terrestrial
having. It changes
ecosystems,
the conversation from sustainably manage
forests, combat
a theoretical one to one
desertification, and
that is grounded halt and reverse land
degradation and halt
in evidence.
biodiversity loss.
Fonthill Estate: James Griffin
Farm Manager
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 141
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 142]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 142]
25% agriculture absolute emissions reduction (MtCO e) 2 between 2021 and 2030 Educating and supporting our farmers to transition, through our report ‘Shaping agriculture’s transition to net zero future’. See page 139 for details of this system | | Sustainable farming and food – Agriculture Target In 2023, we have developed a 2030 target for our Commercial Banking agriculture portfolio using the Climate Change Committee’s 1.5 degree aligned balanced net zero pathway as our reference. Our target is to reduce absolute emissions by 25 per cent between 2021 and 2030 (from 6.3 MtCO2e to 4.7 MtCO2e). Our target covers emissions from primary agriculture, and does not include LULUCF measures (e.g. afforestation, peatland restoration and bio-energy crops which sequester carbon) as accounting for how these measures affect carbon emissions and sequestration is complex and currently very uncertain. However, we know that natural processes play a critical role in sequestering carbon. Therefore, we will keep this under review as we recognise that accounting for LULUCF will become a necessity when we develop an agriculture net zero target beyond 2030. Agriculture (MtCO2e) Agriculture absolute emission reduction Agriculture 2021 to 2030 8.0 )2m/eOCg( 2 6.0 ytisnetni 4.0 2.0 lacisyhP 0.0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Reference pathway Actual 2030 Target
----------------------------------------
| See page 139 for details of this system |

[Table 3 — Page 142]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 142]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 142]
(MtCO2e) |
----------------------------------------
Agriculture absolute emission reduction A2g0ri2c1u tlotu 2r0e30 |

[Table 6 — Page 142]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 142]
|
----------------------------------------

Sustainable farming and food continued
Sustainable farming and food – Agriculture continued
Implementation strategy Risks and dependencies
We are focused on supporting all parts of the sector to We are committed to educating and supporting our farmers to There is a high degree of uncertainty on how the agriculture
transition to net zero. We do not intend to withdraw transition through the relaunch of our ‘Shaping agriculture’s sector will transition. We acknowledge the uncertainties
financing from any sub-sector, recognising the potential transition to net zero future report’ and our market-leading associated with setting and delivering an emissions target in
economic and societal impacts this may create (e.g. on UK partnership with the Soil Association Exchange (SAX). Through this sector, namely the poor data landscape and our
food security and rural employment). this pilot, we are aiming to provide the service to 1,000 of our dependency on factors outside our control, such as
larger agriculture clients with free on-farm consultancies, government policy, which will drive the sector’s transition.
which will provide valuable insight into the financial and
environmental impact of sustainability measures, enabling us The willingness and capability of our farm clients to
to develop comprehensive guidance and support that can be decarbonise their operations is key. Our strategy has a critical
widely applied throughout the agriculture industry. We have dependency on government action to incentivise and enable
also partnered with them to build a free-to-use online platform clients to identify, act and report progress through its funding,
available to all farmers to provide them with recommendations guidance and regulatory activities. There are more details on
to improve farm practices and where possible seek financial our engagement strategy with the government on page 140.
support to make changes. The SAX includes a module on The CCC Progress Report in 2023 (see page 140) indicates
‘social’ which currently looks at public access across the farm, examples of policy in development although none of the
but we plan to extend it to include separate questionnaires to measures are on track. The CCC estimates £1.5 billion
farmers and their employees to cover Just Transition investment is required per year by 2035 to implement
considerations, employee impacts, community involvement necessary abatement measures.
and any participation choices in wider agricultural
communities. Increasing client awareness and education is therefore a
foundational activity for decarbonising this hard-to-abate
We have continued to play an active role in industry activities sector.
including: sponsoring Farmers Weekly Question Time events;
panels at Conservative and Labour party conferences; Crop The effectiveness of mitigation options, such as adoption of
Production Magazine Sustainable Farmer of the Year award; appropriate regenerative farming practices, is dependent on
British Farming Awards; and Sustainable Farmer of the Year. farm-level characteristics requiring a bespoke approach,
meaning scalability is a challenge. New technologies to
We aim to play a key role in the transition of the agriculture improve precision and productivity are still in development
sector by engaging across the food and drink supply chain on and will require investment.
environmental and social matters, including emissions
reduction and food waste. We engage with our most material The poor data landscape in this sector also means we cannot
Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB) clients that operate currently track emission reductions as a consequence of our
within the food and drink sector to support them on their actions. At present, we express our target in terms of absolute
transition to net zero. emission reductions. In order to set a future intensity target we
require improvements to internal and external data capture
sources to be delivered. We are investing in our own data
capabilities to do this but this will take time. Additionally, there
are challenges in tracking the effectiveness of mitigation
options as it is dependent on improved availability of client
data availability, e.g. revenue, yield and farm boundaries.

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 142
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Sustainable farming and food continued
Sustainable farming and food – Agriculture continued
Engagement strategy Just transition
The CCC’s Progress Report (2023) concludes that current SMI agribusiness task force In line with our purpose to Help Britain Prosper, we are
policies are not driving the necessary pace of change (see We became a member of the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) committed to enabling a just transition that benefits our
page 140 for further information). Policy advocacy is Agribusiness Task Force in 2023, directly contributing to the work agriculture clients as well as communities, workers, suppliers
therefore our most important lever for this sector. We are to look at new financing mechanisms to support farmers. This and consumers. In particular, farmers are facing multiple
using our voice through policy engagement with work involved exploring de-risking mechanisms and financial challenges mostly driven by inflation and increased energy
government and industry bodies to prioritise policy models across the value chain, to identify how participants costs in 2022 and 2023.
advancement in key areas including: could better collaborate and innovate to support farmers at
scale in their transition to regenerative farming practices. The
• The development and delivery of a decarbonisation outcome of this work has fed into the SMI Agribusiness Task
strategy to encourage low carbon and regenerative Force’s report ‘Scaling Regenerative Farming: Levers for
farming practices and help drive action Implementation’, published at COP28. This report provides a
• The standardisation of the methodology to calculate blueprint for implementation, covering four key levers and what
carbon emissions to ensure consistency across the sector they could provide in practice to farmers, including the lever of
and enable farmers to confidently develop transition funding, de-risking and new sourcing models.
strategies
• The improvement in incentives for farmers to improve the A key lever needed for implementation is a set of priority
environmental performance of their land with the common metrics for environmental outcomes, to underpin the
long-term interest in mind, such as the Environmental scaling of the transition to regenerative practices. Our work with
Land Management Scheme (ELMS) where farmers are the Soil Association Exchange means that we are already
paid for land-based environment and climate goods and working with a number of our own farming clients to baseline
services their farms against a set of metrics. Recognising the essential
• Unlocking barriers to green financing for new nature of such data to the transition, we made the Soil
technologies Association tool and capability to undertake these assessments
• The provision of clear guidelines for farmers and a freely available online to any farmers – not just our own clients.
standard code of conduct for voluntary carbon markets
For 2024, through our work with the SMI Agribusiness Task Force,
In 2024, we will be expanding the use of the ESG tool (see it is our intent to build greater collaborations with members of
page 158) to support our SME agriculture clients. The the agriculture value chain to undertake specific pilot activity
bespoke assessment will focus on climate and broader and explore different mechanisms and models that can directly
environmental themes, helping us to understand the support UK farmers in moving to more sustainable practices. We
actions taken and challenges faced by clients in their are keen to explore how data can be used across the supply
transition. The outputs from this assessment will enable us chain to help provide a full picture of measures farmers are
to develop our approach in supporting clients’ transition. undertaking to transition to regenerative practices, what they
need to transition, and to recognise their progress towards their
goals.

In addition, input costs (fertiliser and animal feed) fluctuate
and markets are volatile, which creates uncertainty. The sector
consists of smaller businesses, with less capacity to respond
to external factors, and they are struggling with rising costs
and continued competition from cheaper imports. It is
imperative that the move to more sustainable agriculture does
not diminish food production and jobs in UK agriculture,
causing instead an increase in imports of food produced
using less sustainable farming practices.
See pages 93 to 94 for an
overview of Just Transition
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 143
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 144]
Sustainable farming and food – Agriculture continued Engagement strategy Just transition The CCC’s Progress Report (2023) concludes that current SMI agribusiness task force In line with our purpose to Help Britain Prosper, we are In addition, input costs (fertiliser and animal feed) fluctuate policies are not driving the necessary pace of change (see We became a member of the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) committed to enabling a just transition that benefits our and markets are volatile, which creates uncertainty. The sector page 140 for further information). Policy advocacy is Agribusiness Task Force in 2023, directly contributing to the work agriculture clients as well as communities, workers, suppliers consists of smaller businesses, with less capacity to respond therefore our most important lever for this sector. We are to look at new financing mechanisms to support farmers. This and consumers. In particular, farmers are facing multiple to external factors, and they are struggling with rising costs using our voice through policy engagement with work involved exploring de-risking mechanisms and financial challenges mostly driven by inflation and increased energy and continued competition from cheaper imports. It is government and industry bodies to prioritise policy models across the value chain, to identify how participants costs in 2022 and 2023. imperative that the move to more sustainable agriculture does advancement in key areas including: could better collaborate and innovate to support farmers at not diminish food production and jobs in UK agriculture, scale in their transition to regenerative farming practices. The causing instead an increase in imports of food produced • The development and delivery of a decarbonisation outcome of this work has fed into the SMI Agribusiness Task using less sustainable farming practices. strategy to encourage low carbon and regenerative Force’s report ‘Scaling Regenerative Farming: Levers for farming practices and help drive action Implementation’, published at COP28. This report provides a • The standardisation of the methodology to calculate blueprint for implementation, covering four key levers and what carbon emissions to ensure consistency across the sector they could provide in practice to farmers, including the lever of and enable farmers to confidently develop transition funding, de-risking and new sourcing models. strategies • The improvement in incentives for farmers to improve the A key lever needed for implementation is a set of priority environmental performance of their land with the common metrics for environmental outcomes, to underpin the long-term interest in mind, such as the Environmental scaling of the transition to regenerative practices. Our work with Land Management Scheme (ELMS) where farmers are the Soil Association Exchange means that we are already paid for land-based environment and climate goods and working with a number of our own farming clients to baseline services their farms against a set of metrics. Recognising the essential • Unlocking barriers to green financing for new nature of such data to the transition, we made the Soil technologies Association tool and capability to undertake these assessments • The provision of clear guidelines for farmers and a freely available online to any farmers – not just our own clients. standard code of conduct for voluntary carbon markets For 2024, through our work with the SMI Agribusiness Task Force, In 2024, we will be expanding the use of the ESG tool (see it is our intent to build greater collaborations with members of page 158) to support our SME agriculture clients. The the agriculture value chain to undertake specific pilot activity bespoke assessment will focus on climate and broader and explore different mechanisms and models that can directly environmental themes, helping us to understand the support UK farmers in moving to more sustainable practices. We actions taken and challenges faced by clients in their are keen to explore how data can be used across the supply transition. The outputs from this assessment will enable us chain to help provide a full picture of measures farmers are to develop our approach in supporting clients’ transition. undertaking to transition to regenerative practices, what they need to transition, and to recognise their progress towards their goals. See pages 93 to 94 for an overview of Just Transition |
----------------------------------------
| See pages 93 to 94 for an overview of Just Transition

Energy
transition
Part of our systems approach:
Greening the built environment
Low carbon transport
Sustainable farming and food
Energy transition
System boundary
Our energy transition system addresses the supply
of energy through oil and gas, as well as electricity
generation in the power sector and activities
related to thermal coal.

CCC assessment – Energy
The CCC concludes that on electricity supply, policy progress has been CCC’s overall assessment
mixed with credible policies in place to meet around 30 per cent of of progress:
required emission reductions by 2030, and on fuel supply, there are some
risks in most areas, with credible policies in place to meet only 17 per cent Some risks
of required emission reductions by 2030.
Significant risks
The table below summarises the CCC June 2023 overall assessment for
Insufficient plans
policy areas that are the most relevant to delivering our emission
reduction target for the energy system.
Description of dependency CCC overall assessment
Power – Ensuring renewables capacity
Nuclear capacity
Power – Network capacity and connections
Power – Flexible low carbon generation and storage
Oil and gas – Electrification of oil and gas platforms
Oil and gas – Reduced venting and flaring
Size of fossil fuel extraction industry
System challenges
The supply of energy is central to our
society and plays a critical role in
providing energy security to the UK and
aiding other sectors to decarbonise.
Decarbonisation of energy is
dependent on facilitating a transition
that includes having sufficient
renewable energy and network
capacity, adequate generation
flexibility and storage and reductions in
fossil fuel extraction over time. Policies
to aid reduction are further along than
in most sectors, but still have several
delivery risks.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 144
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Energy transition continued
Electricity generation Key recent policy developments relevant to our ability
Emissions from the sector have fallen rapidly over the last to decarbonise our energy portfolio
decade, but decarbonisation needs to continue at pace as Several recent government actions can aid
the sector needs to be fully decarbonised by 2035 for the UK decarbonisation, including:
to be aligned with the CCC’s 1.5 degree aligned balanced
net zero pathway. Continued delays with nuclear • Launch of the ‘Powering Up Britain’ blueprint for the future
deployment could potentially put this at risk. of energy in the UK, which sets out how UK energy
production will be diversified and decarbonised by
The CCC’s 2023 Progress Report highlights that reducing investing in renewables and nuclear, together with
emissions from this sector relies on four main outcomes: supporting technologies like carbon capture, usage and
storage, floating offshore wind manufacturing, and
• Rapid deployment of low carbon capacity hydrogen
• Develop flexible low carbon options, such as storage to • Launch of Great British Nuclear, which aims to deliver the
match supply to demand government’s long-term nuclear programme. However,
• Phase-out use of unabated fossil fuel this is unlikely to have significant near term impacts on
• Utilise flexible demand through EVs, heat pumps and grid decarbonisation.
hydrogen • The North Sea Transition Deal published in 2021, which
includes a commitment to reducing emissions from
Fuel supply and consumption upstream oil and gas activities by 50 per cent in 2030
Fuel-related emissions come from both supply and
consumption and both need to be addressed to transition However, other policy developments may reduce the speed
to a low carbon economy. of transition, including:
The CCC’s 2023 Progress Report highlights that reducing • Commitments to increase North Sea oil and gas
emissions from this sector relies on five main outcomes: production to bolster energy security as outlined in the
Energy Security Strategy
• Lowering consumption of fossil fuels
• Decline in North Sea output
• Reducing emission intensity of production through
platform electrification and reducing flaring and venting
• Reducing emissions from refineries through deployment
of carbon capture and storage
• Reducing emissions from gas networks through reducing
methane leakage and use of biomethane
We aim to play
a leading role in
financing the
decarbonisation
of the power sect
this decade.

Our actions
As part of our commitment to support
the energy transition, we are working
to support existing clients to develop
credible transition plans and continue
to evolve our policies with respect to
activities that we will not support going
forward. We aim to play a leading role
in financing the decarbonisation of
the power sector this decade by
financing solar, wind and other lowcarbon technologies and to transition
away from thermal coal to renewable
energy sources.
tor
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 145
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Energy transition continued
Oil and gas
The oil and gas sector plays an important
role in providing energy security to the UK
and its decarbonisation is critical to limiting
global warming to 1.5oC.

10.0
8.0
6.0
4.0
2.0
0.0
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Energy transition – Oil and gas
50%
oil and gas absolute Target
emissions reduction
(MtCO e) between
2019 and 2030 Reduce absolute drawn financed emissions (Scope 1, 2 and Progress update
3) by 50 per cent by 2030 from a baseline of 8.7 MtCO2e in At year-end 2022, we had reduced financed emissions by
2019 to 4.4 MtCO2e in 2030, based on the IEA NZE scenario. c.62 per cent from the 2019 baseline of 8.7 MtCO2e, reaching
3.3 MtCO2e, driven by both a reduction in drawn balances
In our oil and gas portfolio we originally set a target to and a significant reduction reported in Scope 1 and 2
reduce absolute emissions by 50 per cent by 2030 to 3.9 emissions of clients.
MtCO2e from a baseline of 7.8 MtCO2e in 2019. The 2019
portfolio baseline has increased by c.12 per cent to 8.7 We continue to strategically refinance our portfolio away
MtCO2e, driven mainly by client emissions restatements and from direct financing of oil and gas projects towards
inclusion of additional upstream Scope 3 emissions from transition technologies including renewable energy
some clients. As a result, alignment to the same 1.5 degree generation.
scenario pathway requires a 50 per cent reduction to 4.3
See page 144 for details of this
MtCO2e in the same period. Oil & Gas
system
(MtCO2e)
Oil and gas absolute emission reduction
O2il0 a1n9d t og a20s 30
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Reference pathway Actual
2030 Target
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 146
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 147]
50% oil and gas absolute emissions reduction (MtCO e) between 2 2019 and 2030 See page 144 for details of this system | Energy transition – Oil and gas Target Reduce absolute drawn financed emissions (Scope 1, 2 and Progress update 3) by 50 per cent by 2030 from a baseline of 8.7 MtCO2e in At year-end 2022, we had reduced financed emissions by 2019 to 4.4 MtCO2e in 2030, based on the IEA NZE scenario. c.62 per cent from the 2019 baseline of 8.7 MtCO2e, reaching 3.3 MtCO2e, driven by both a reduction in drawn balances In our oil and gas portfolio we originally set a target to and a significant reduction reported in Scope 1 and 2 reduce absolute emissions by 50 per cent by 2030 to 3.9 emissions of clients. MtCO2e from a baseline of 7.8 MtCO2e in 2019. The 2019 portfolio baseline has increased by c.12 per cent to 8.7 We continue to strategically refinance our portfolio away MtCO2e, driven mainly by client emissions restatements and from direct financing of oil and gas projects towards inclusion of additional upstream Scope 3 emissions from transition technologies including renewable energy some clients. As a result, alignment to the same 1.5 degree generation. scenario pathway requires a 50 per cent reduction to 4.3 MtCO2e in the same period. Oil & Gas (MtCO2e) Oil and gas absolute emission reduction O2il0 a1n9d t og a20s 30 10.0 )2m/eOCg( 8.0 2 6.0 ytisnetni 4.0 lacisyhP 2.0 0.0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Reference pathway Actual 2030 Target
----------------------------------------

Energy transition continued
Energy transition – Oil and gas continued
Implementation strategy Risks and dependencies
The IEA report ‘Net Zero by 2050 – A Roadmap for the Global Key dependencies for this sector include the requirement
Energy Sector’ is clear that no new oil and natural gas fields for energy security to be maintained despite geopolitical
approved after 2021 are needed in order to maintain a risk and increased public and private investment in
Paris-aligned decarbonisation pathway to net zero. renewable energy and associated technologies. In that
context, our focus is on supporting our clients to accelerate
As such we: the adoption of non-hydrocarbon-based power generation
and reduce the carbon intensity of their operations.
• We will not provide direct financing (either via project
finance, or reserve-based lending) of new greenfield oil
and gas developments (fields which did not receive Oil &
Gas Authority approval before the end of 2021)
• We will not provide financing to new clients in the oil and
gas sector unless it is for viable projects into renewable
energies and transition technologies and clients have
credible transition plans at the point of onboarding

Engagement strategy
As part of our commitment to supporting the transition to a
more sustainable, low carbon economy, we are engaging with
existing clients to support them to establish credible and
impactful transition plans. In 2023, we have undertaken initial
CTP assessments across our full portfolio of large-scale oil and
gas-producing clients and will monitor progress on an ongoing
basis. Details of the credible transition plan assessment
approach is described on page 116.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 147
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Energy transition continued
Power
81%
power generation
emissions intensity
reduction (gCO e/kWh)
Companies in the power sector generate between 2020 and 2030
electricity from fossil fuels, nuclear or
renewable sources. Scale-up of low carbon
electricity generation is critical to enable
other sectors to transition, e.g. supporting
electrification of heating and transport. In Q1
of 2023, 48 per cent of UK power came from
renewables, up from 7 per cent in 2010. Solar
and wind are currently the cheapest forms of
power and the UK is home to the world’s five
largest operational offshore wind farm
projects.
See page 144 for
system

Power
(gCO2e/kWh)
Power
2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030
Scenario pathway Actual
Reference pathway 2030 Target
)2m/eOCg(
ytisnetni
lacisyhP
Energy transition – Power continued
Target Implementation strategy
Reduce the emission intensity (Scope 1 and 2 for We aim to play a leading role in financing the
corporate utilities and Scope 1 for project finance) of our decarbonisation of the power sector this decade, including
portfolio by 81 per cent by 2030 to 53gCO2e/kWh from a financing solar, onshore and offshore wind and other low
baseline of 276gCO2e/kWh in 2020, based on the IEA NZE carbon technologies.
scenario.
In our power portfolio we originally set a target to
reduce emissions intensity by 81 per cent by 2030 to
37gCO2e/kWh from a baseline of 192gCO2e/kWh in 2020. Risks and dependencies
The portfolio intensity for the 2020 baseline year has
risen from 192gCO2e/kWh to 276g/kWh, while the 2030
target intensity has risen from 37g/kWh to 53g/kWh. The
main drivers of the updated baseline and target values Government policies in UK and Europe remain a key
are the addition of biogenic emissions and updates to dependency, as they drive the forward strategies of our
the calculation of power generated by some clients. clients. In March 2023, the government published ‘Powering
Up Britain’ which outlines how energy production will be
diversified and decarbonised. Positive policy developments
Progress update
include funding towards projects for nuclear, carbon
At year-end 2022, we had reduced the emissions
capture, floating offshore and hydrogen. Energy is central to
intensity of our power portfolio by 56 per cent from the
the European Union’s transition towards climate neutrality
2020 baseline of 276gCO2e, reaching 121gCO2e. The
by 2050, in line with the European Green Deal. We expect
reduction in intensity between 2020 and 2022 is driven
policies to support the growth and investment in
by reduction in exposure to higher intensity projects or
renewables and other technologies to facilitate the
clients coupled with a change in attribution due to
decarbonisation of energy production. At the same time,
project value.
energy security remains a high priority.
Delivery risks should not be underestimated. These include
Power emission intensity reduction 2020 to 2030 competition for transactions, supply chain risks, availability
and affordability of critical components/metals and
availability of skilled resources. Alongside this, retrofitting of
grid improvements to enable flexibility and interconnections
will also be crucial.
details of this
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 148
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 149]
81% power generation emissions intensity reduction (gCO e/kWh) 2 between 2020 and 2030 See page 144 for details of this system | | Energy transition – Power continued Target Implementation strategy Reduce the emission intensity (Scope 1 and 2 for We aim to play a leading role in financing the corporate utilities and Scope 1 for project finance) of our decarbonisation of the power sector this decade, including portfolio by 81 per cent by 2030 to 53gCO2e/kWh from a financing solar, onshore and offshore wind and other low baseline of 276gCO2e/kWh in 2020, based on the IEA NZE carbon technologies. scenario. In our power portfolio we originally set a target to reduce emissions intensity by 81 per cent by 2030 to 37gCO2e/kWh from a baseline of 192gCO2e/kWh in 2020. Risks and dependencies The portfolio intensity for the 2020 baseline year has risen from 192gCO2e/kWh to 276g/kWh, while the 2030 target intensity has risen from 37g/kWh to 53g/kWh. The main drivers of the updated baseline and target values Government policies in UK and Europe remain a key are the addition of biogenic emissions and updates to dependency, as they drive the forward strategies of our the calculation of power generated by some clients. clients. In March 2023, the government published ‘Powering Up Britain’ which outlines how energy production will be diversified and decarbonised. Positive policy developments Progress update include funding towards projects for nuclear, carbon At year-end 2022, we had reduced the emissions capture, floating offshore and hydrogen. Energy is central to intensity of our power portfolio by 56 per cent from the the European Union’s transition towards climate neutrality 2020 baseline of 276gCO2e, reaching 121gCO2e. The by 2050, in line with the European Green Deal. We expect reduction in intensity between 2020 and 2022 is driven policies to support the growth and investment in by reduction in exposure to higher intensity projects or renewables and other technologies to facilitate the clients coupled with a change in attribution due to decarbonisation of energy production. At the same time, project value. energy security remains a high priority. Power (gCO2e/kWh) Delivery risks should not be underestimated. These include Power Power emission intensity reduction 2020 to 2030 competition for transactions, supply chain risks, availability and affordability of critical components/metals and )2m/eOCg( 400 availability of skilled resources. Alongside this, retrofitting of 2 grid improvements to enable flexibility and interconnections 300 will also be crucial. ytisnetni 200 lacisyhP 100 0 2018201920202021202220232024202520262027202820292030 Scenario pathway Actual Reference pathway 2030 Target
----------------------------------------
| See page 144 for details of this system |

Energy transition continued
Energy transition – Power continued Thermal coal
Engagement strategy
We have engaged with clients on their transition to net We recognise the urgent need for the global
zero, including an expectation that clients’ carbon
transition away from thermal coal to
reduction goals will be aligned with scenarios limiting
renewable energy sources. It is clear that
global warming to no more than 1.5°C and will not
over-rely on offsetting to achieve their target (i.e. beyond keeping the Paris Agreement alive means
‘hard-to-abate’ residual emissions). In 2023, we have that use of unabated coal power must be
undertaken initial CTP assessments for our clients in the
phased out.
power and utilities sector.
We will require existing clients in the power sector to The UK government’s definition of ‘unabated coal’ power
demonstrate they are transitioning to net zero and we generation refers to when technologies, such as carbon
will provide no new lending/renewal of limits to clients capture and storage, which can mitigate emissions from
unable to evidence this by the end of 2025. As part of our coal, are not in use. In November 2021, we joined the
Powering Past Coal Alliance (PPCA) commitments this Powering Past Coal Alliance (PPCA), a coalition of national
means that we will aim to exit any entities with a revenue and sub-national governments, businesses and
greater than 20 per cent from thermal coal generation organisations working to advance the transition from
by end 2023 and exit any remaining client which unabated coal power generation to clean energy.
operates thermal coal facilities outside the UK by 2030.

Energy transition – Thermal coal
Full exit
by 2030 from all diversified Target
energy entities that
generate energy from
thermal coal and diversified • Full exit of thermal coal power in the UK by 2023
mining entities that operate • Full exit from all diversified energy entities that generate
energy from thermal coal globally by the end of 2030
thermal coal facilities
• Full exit from all diversified mining entities that operate
thermal coal facilities globally by 2030
Implementation strategy
In 2023, we successfully met our target of a full exit of
thermal coal power in the UK by the end of the year and no
See page 144 for details of this
longer provide direct lending to clients that operate UK
system
coal-fired power stations. This demonstrates good progress
towards our target of exiting all diversified energy entities
that generate energy from thermal coal by the end of 2030.
To aid achievement of our remaining targets, we will no
longer finance entities that do not have a commitment to
phase-out all remaining thermal coal mining and thermal
coal generation by 2030.
We may provide finance to entities towards reducing their
thermal coal portfolio (including decommissioning facilities
or retrofitting of existing facilities to help them transition
away from thermal coal), in line with our 2030 phase-out
timelines noted above. However, we will not directly finance
retrofit activities that prolong the life of existing thermal coal
facilities.
We will continue to prioritise renewable energy alternatives
over traditional, carbon intensive methods.
Additional restrictions on thermal coal financing are
outlined in our external sector statements, which are
available on our download centre .
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 149
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 150]
Full exit by 2030 from all diversified energy entities that generate energy from thermal coal and diversified mining entities that operate thermal coal facilities See page 144 for details of this system | Energy transition – Thermal coal Target • Full exit of thermal coal power in the UK by 2023 • Full exit from all diversified energy entities that generate energy from thermal coal globally by the end of 2030 • Full exit from all diversified mining entities that operate thermal coal facilities globally by 2030 Implementation strategy In 2023, we successfully met our target of a full exit of thermal coal power in the UK by the end of the year and no longer provide direct lending to clients that operate UK coal-fired power stations. This demonstrates good progress towards our target of exiting all diversified energy entities that generate energy from thermal coal by the end of 2030. To aid achievement of our remaining targets, we will no longer finance entities that do not have a commitment to phase-out all remaining thermal coal mining and thermal coal generation by 2030. We may provide finance to entities towards reducing their thermal coal portfolio (including decommissioning facilities or retrofitting of existing facilities to help them transition away from thermal coal), in line with our 2030 phase-out timelines noted above. However, we will not directly finance retrofit activities that prolong the life of existing thermal coal facilities. We will continue to prioritise renewable energy alternatives over traditional, carbon intensive methods. Additional restrictions on thermal coal financing are outlined in our external sector statements, which are available on our download centre .
----------------------------------------

Risk management
and scenario
analysis
We continue to develop our capability
for managing risks related to climate
change, as well as broadening
consideration to wider ESG risks.
This is supported by scenario
analysis to assess the potential
impact of these risks and inform
our risk management approach.

The main focus for our risk management Embedding climate risk
t activity continues to be embedding Climate risk is considered as a principal risk within our
Enterprise Risk Management Framework. However, the
consideration of climate-related risks.
impacts of climate risk are wider than this and can be
This aims to develop our understanding considered as cross-cutting across other principal risks.
Therefore, we continue to integrate consideration of
across the Group, as well as drive policies,
climate risk across our business activities.
insights and analysis to help suitably manage
the key climate-related risks we face. The following sections focus on how consideration of
climate risk, alongside certain ESG risks, is integrated into
our framework. Our approach is informed by quantitative
While we consider some wider ESG risks in scenario analysis to identify the potential impacts on the
our current practices, this will continue to Group, before incorporating appropriate climate and ESG
factors into our risk management processes.
evolve. We will develop our approach for
incorporating other ESG risks beyond climate Further information regarding the identification,
into our risk management framework further measurement and management of climate risk, together
with examples of cross-cutting impacts, can be found
in 2024.
within the risk management section of our annual report
and accounts 2023 .
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 150
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
Climate scenario analysis
Scenario analysis is a process for identifying Scottish Widows’ modelling approach
Scenario choices (derived from source:
As an example, our approach to assessing the impact on
and assessing the potential implications of a NGFS scenario portal)
our assets in Scottish Widows comprises four steps:
range of plausible future states under
To rationalise what scenario choices
conditions of uncertainty. This provides a 1. T o choose our combinations of SSP and global warming
way for organisations to consider how the scenario. are used it’s helpful to think about four
future might look if certain trends continue 2. To partition our investment portfolio into cells by sector high-level scenarios that capture
and region.
or certain conditions are met. different settings along two important
3. To project the behaviour of each cell under the degree of
transition risk designed to achieve our chosen degree of dimensions: the strength of the gas
The future is uncertain, climate scenario analysis is global warming: the greater the transition, the less the
mitigating policy response; and how
important to the Group as it provides us with a view of global warming.
potential outcomes that could result from this uncertainty, 4. To overlay the impact of physical risk arising from global smoothly and foreseeably those
driving alternative views and insights to inform how we warming on our sector-region partition. actions are taken.
manage the main risks.
While climate science itself is very well developed, any
Scenario pathways analysis of the economic and financial impacts of climate
Climate scenarios provide a starting point to explore risk involves a measure of subjectivity and simplification, so
economic impacts and financial risks arising from climate there is a relatively wide margin of uncertainty in these
change. Scenarios are characterised by their overall levels impacts. This type of modelling is therefore only one of
of physical and transition risks. Each scenario explores a several components of our climate risk management
different set of assumptions about how climate policy, process and is not acted upon in isolation.
technology, emissions and temperatures evolve.
We consider a range of forward-looking climate projections
and methodologies, including:
• Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs) – projected
socioeconomic global changes up to 2100, as defined in
the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report on climate change in
2021. They are used to derive greenhouse gas emissions
scenarios with different climate policies
• Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs) – four
pathways of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and
atmospheric concentrations, air pollutant emissions and
land use covering a stringent mitigation scenario, two
intermediate scenarios and one scenario with very high
emissions Physical risks
sksir
noitisnarT
Disorderly Too little,
or divergent too late
Orderly Hothouse
world

We have chosen to use scenarios covering the orderly
transition, divergent and hothouse scenarios, where
modelling is most advanced:
• Orderly: The socioeconomic context is of global
cooperation and high technological growth (SSP1 or NGFS
net zero 2050). This is combined with actions that reduce
carbon emissions to limit the increase in surface
temperature to below 2.0°C at 2100 compared to
pre-industrial levels. We consider this scenario because
we believe that it provides the socioeconomic context
that is most conducive to achieving an orderly transition
• Divergent: This is a disorderly scenario with more
divergent global actions. Social, economic and
technological trends do not shift markedly from historical
patterns, so development and income growth proceed
unevenly (SSP2 or NGFS divergent net zero) following a
‘middle of the road’ pathway. This is combined with
actions that reduce carbon emissions to limit the
increase in surface temperature to below 2.0°C at 2100
compared to pre-industrial levels. Although this scenario
is not the most conducive to achieving a transition, we
believe we should consider the transition in this context
because it has been constructed from observed
historical patterns
• Hothouse: The socioeconomic context is of regional
rivalries and low technological development (SSP3 or
NGFS Current Policies). This is combined with increasing
carbon emissions and an increase in surface
temperature of 4.3°C at 2100 compared to pre-industrial
levels. We consider this scenario because it gives us
insight into a world where we take little or no action to
limit climate change
Summary
A wide range of scenario analyses is used to provide
insights to aid our understanding of climate risk and support
our decisions, as outlined in the following pages.
The key conclusions from the scenarios we have modelled
are:
• It is in society’s long-term interests to have an orderly
transition to a low-carbon economy
• Our business strategy remains resilient
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 151
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 152]
| sksir noitisnarT
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 152]

----------------------------------------
Physical risks

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
Commercial Banking climate scenario We also continue to develop internal models to explore the
potential counterparty-level transition risk effects for our
analysis
Commercial Banking clients in a climate scenario, with initial
Due to the inherent uncertainty in climate modelling, we
focus also on NGFS scenarios.
continue with a ‘build and subscribe’ strategy. Comparing
the outputs from our internally-developed models with
We are comparing multiple sets of modelled outputs to
those from third-party vendors helps better understand the
better understand the limitations of various approaches
limitations of various approaches and interpret the results.
and interpret the results. This spans the Planetrics solution
and internally developed transition risk models, plus wider
We continue to subscribe to the McKinsey Planetrics solution
activities such as the Scottish Widows approach described
and have analysed the results further in 2023. This has
on the previous page and our submissions to the Bank of
helped us assess and understand the resilience of our
England’s Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario (CBES) in
Commercial Banking lending portfolio, and helped inform
2021.
how we will embed climate scenario analysis within our
credit risk management framework.
Next steps
• Implement internally-developed model in strategic
The Planetrics solution provides counterparty modelling
infrastructure and feed into dashboard
covering transition and physical risks in the NGFS scenarios,
• Continue collating and assessing client CTPs, and
which we use in two main ways: firm-level insight for our
applying them to our in-house modelling
clients within the Planetrics modelled universe, and
• Physical risk modelling investigation
sector-level analysis to provide external benchmarks
against which we can compare the relative risks of our own
portfolio.
We have created a dashboard of the Planetrics results to
support with climate risk analysis in our credit risk
management processes and other risk quantification
processes. Our Bank ESG credit risk team have begun
reviewing these results in a risk identification and analysis
exercise, to help inform whether any mitigating actions may
be needed at a portfolio/sector level or at an individual
name level. This analysis will continue in 2024 as we review
appropriate ways to embed quantified climate risk analysis
within our credit policy and appetite framework.
The chart opposite demonstrates some of the insights we
can glean from the Planetrics solution, based on firms
modelled by Planetrics in North America or Europe. The
estimated financial impacts from physical and transition
risk are modelled for each entity. The relative difference
between this climate estimate and a baseline provides an
indicative foresight view of discounted cash flow, and hence
net present value (NPV) of the firm from present day to 2050.
Firm-level climate transition plan (CTP) effects have not
been included. These firm-level NPV differences are
aggregated to provide an external benchmark view of each
sector rather than being specific to the Group’s portfolio.

2030 and 2050 viewpoints of interquartile and median NPV Impacts by sector
for the NGFS phase 3 net zero 2050 and divergent net zero scenarios
22003300
Power
Construction
Agriculture
Transport
Automotive
Oil and gas
Coal mining
-100% -50% 0% 50% 100%
22005500
Power
Construction
Agriculture
Transport
Automotive
Oil and gas
Coal mining
-100% -50% 0% 50% 100%
Interquartile range for divergent net zero scenario This analysis represents our own selection of applicable scenarios and
modelled data. The Group is solely responsible for, and this analysis
Interquartile range for net zero 2050 scenario represents, such scenario selection, all assumptions underlying such
selection, and all resulting findings, and conclusions and decisions.
Median NPV impacts McKinsey & Company is not an investment adviser and has not provided
any investment advice. The baseline uses the NGFS current policies
scenario and current climate (today’s temperature and physical risks).
Baseline company financials are scaled based on a company-specific
growth rate.
These two timepoints and phase 3 NGFS (Network For It should be noted that NGFS phase 4 scenarios were
Greening The Financial System) scenarios were chosen released in November 2023, which no longer include the
to demonstrate how transition risks can evolve at divergent net zero scenario due to the reduced likelihood
different rates (e.g. transport) and for most sectors the of a successful uncoordinated transition. We will be looking
variability in results widens as the scenario unfolds. The to explore the new ‘Fragmented World’ instead, which is the
power sector shows the greatest variability in all cases ‘too little, too late’ outcome we are striving to avoid but
since other sectors will increase their energy demands need to understand the potential consequences of it.
as they transition away from fossil fuels and therefore
there are large opportunities for suppliers who have
already invested in renewable sources.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 152
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 153]
2030 and 2050 viewpoints of interquartile and median NPV Impacts by sector
----------------------------------------
for the NGFS phase 3 net zero 2050 and divergent net zero scenarios
22003300 Power Construction Agriculture Transport Automotive Oil and gas Coal mining -100% -50% 0% 50% 100% 22005500 Power Construction Agriculture Transport Automotive Oil and gas Coal mining -100% -50% 0% 50% 100% Interquartile range for divergent net zero scenario This analysis represents our own selection of applicable scenarios and modelled data. The Group is solely responsible for, and this analysis Interquartile range for net zero 2050 scenario represents, such scenario selection, all assumptions underlying such selection, and all resulting findings, and conclusions and decisions. Median NPV impacts McKinsey & Company is not an investment adviser and has not provided any investment advice. The baseline uses the NGFS current policies scenario and current climate (today’s temperature and physical risks). Baseline company financials are scaled based on a company-specific growth rate.

[Table 2 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 153]
| |
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 9 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 11 — Page 153]
|
----------------------------------------

Risk management and scenario analysis continued Difference in combined flood score Without such flood defence data, we risk overstating the
true risk of flood frequency and/or severity and therefore
(defended vs undefended) RCP4.5 2035
potentially making adverse decisions based on these
modelled outputs. There is a need for greater availability
Retail scenario analysis The physical risk data we receive from Twinn (a company of and clarity of plans from local authorities for existing and
The main focus for scenario analysis for our consumer Royal Haskoning DHV) and Rightmove is at property level, planned flood defences.
lending has been understanding the flood risks associated under a range of emissions scenarios and with or without
with our UK homes portfolio. the presence of flood defence or shoreline management % difference For the table (lower left), we have liaised with both
plans. We continue to receive and review this data for our Rightmove and Twinn to refine and benchmark our metrics
85%
We continue to work closely between our UK homes and existing portfolio. The inbound impact of climate risk is for exposure to coastal erosion. In this example, we have
general insurance portfolios to determine a suitable observed primarily through the devaluation of properties held our September 2023 portfolio static and selected an
approach for measuring physical risks in both areas. We due to either physical or transition risk. The integration of end of century view in a hothouse scenario (RCP8.5) as a
have actively trialled different vendor solutions and hazards climate risk into credit decisioning allows the Group to 0% worst-case stress. The Group population involved is now
in order to compare these for directional alignment and determine the adequacy of mitigation/required abatement. limited to properties within 1km of the coast rather than the
sharing insights. There is also strong collaboration between No whole portfolio, and we now also have a total UK (excluding
the specialist weather modelling team in Scottish Widows One of the data items available from Twinn is the Climate defence Northern Ireland) benchmark for comparison.
and our central climate risk function to review and Combined Flood Risk Score, where the risk is ranked from 0 to data
understand hazard model impacts. 100, with 0 being the lowest and 100 being the highest risk. The The table demonstrates the importance of shoreline
score is influenced by both the estimated frequency and management plans, as they reduce the risk in this worst
For our UK homes portfolio we have invested in further severity of flood events, and any property with a score of 1 or case example by an order of magnitude. The benchmarking
understanding the modelling methodologies and higher is at risk from the various types of flooding but with also demonstrates we currently have a slightly lower than
limitations involved for three hazards: flood (tidal, riverine increasing likelihood of suffering damages. This score is average exposure, which we can continue to monitor for
and surface water – available separately and combined), projected at five-year intervals until the end of the century, both portfolio and new applications.
coastal erosion and subsidence. We have also developed across a range of emission scenarios and with or without the
Powered by Bing,
our own prototype modelling framework for quantifying the presence of currently known flood defences. ©GeoNames, Microsoft, TomTom We have upgraded the subsidence data to include climate
potential affordability and property valuation impacts to our projections for multiple emissions scenarios and
residential real estate (RRE) portfolio due to both physical The map assumes our September 2023 mortgage portfolio is substantially greater granularity for present day risk. We
and transition risks across a range of climate scenarios. held static until 2035 in a delayed transition emissions continue to liaise with Twinn and the British Geological
scenario (RCP4.5). It shows the difference between defended Volume weighted proportions of UK residential Society on the appropriate interpretation and usage of it.
Climate change information is now ingested as part of the and undefended combined flood scores for properties in property stock* and Group’s mortgage
mortgage application journey, covering future risks from England and Wales, with greater differences being a darker portfolio* within 1km of coast with erosion risk Next steps
flooding, coastal erosion and subsidence. Credit risk are working shade. This shows the regions where current flood defences rating > 0 by 2095 in RCP8.5, with and without We are currently implementing and calibrating an internally
closely with the central climate risk function to understand how (where known) are providing the greatest protection. shoreline management plan effects 1 developed Residential Real Estate Climate Impact Model,
to consume and use the data to support decision-making ahead of planned usage in 2024. This is a portfolio stressgiven the potential impact on future affordability and property It should be noted that: Group testing model, which quantifies the impact of physical and
valuation. It is essential to understand how to interpret the UK excl. NI excl. NI transition risks for our UK mortgages portfolio via the
scores and how to communicate this in a meaningful way to • The 2035 timepoint was selected since existing flood following mechanisms:
0.57% 0.39%
enable customers to make informed choices. Alongside the defences are largely still providing protection. A later (e.g.
data, we recognise the importance of ongoing flood defence end of century) view would show negligible differences Shoreline management plan • Customer affordability impacts due to paying for
maintenance, initiatives such as Flood Re and proper between defended and undefended flood scores, since retrofitting actions, potential increased energy costs, or
enforcement of flood resilience measures embedded in the almost all existing flood defences would be breached by 5.72% 3.59% risk-based changes to insurance premia
planning framework that will go a long way to maintain then (assuming no further enhancements or No active intervention • Property valuation impacts due to increased risk of
certainty of climate outcomes. modifications) flooding, coastal erosion and or subsidence or ability to
1 Excluding Northern Ireland properties across both populations, as
• Given the short projection window, the RCP selection is undertake retrofit actions shown by asterisks, since erosion scores are not available for this region.
not influential on the overall result and so the example • Insurance availability impacts due to systemic changes
uses a central, delayed transition scenario in how the insurance market assess risk
• Northern Ireland flood scores exist, we are liaising with
Twinn and Rightmove to source them This methodology requires various high-level assumptions.
• The Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA) flood As such, it won’t be suitable for direct usage in customer
maps cannot be used for commercial purposes, and application decisions, though we will seek to understand
therefore we only have undefended flood risk views which elements can be considered.
• There are also certain regions in England where little or
no flood defence data is available from local authorities
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 153
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 154]
Volume weighted proportions of UK residential property stock* and Group’s mortgage portfolio* within 1km of coast with erosion risk rating > 0 by 2095 in RCP8.5, with and without shoreline management plan effects 1 |
----------------------------------------

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
General insurance scenario analysis Weather risk assessment
Climate change may alter the frequency, severity and
location of weather risks that our UK general insurance The red/amber/green status indicates the severity of
portfolio is exposed to. change for the weather risks in each scenario where
red indicates the largest change in risk. Note the
The change in weather risks could affect the cost of change in freeze is a reduction, with increasing
damage resulting from weather events which could have a temperatures.
subsequent impact on:
• Underwriting risk appetite, i.e. the type and location of
Weather risk Orderly Divergent Hothouse
properties that are insured
• Product design. Product design may need to be Windstorm
considered, for example, differentiating customer excess
by weather risk type, or certain risks may not be covered Flood
for a policy in a particular area. Developments in
residential housing, for example more modern methods Freeze
of construction or use of heat pumps, may also require
updates or innovation to the insurance products offered
Subsidence
• Insurance premiums. Increasing cost of damage may need
to be passed on to customers through higher premiums
• Reinsurance. The cost of reinsurance could increase,
reflecting the increased cost of damage. The availability
of reinsurance could also be affected by increased
frequency and severity of worldwide weather risks Even in the orderly and
We have used three illustrative scenarios (orderly, divergent divergent scenarios,
and hothouse as described in page 151) to better
understand the potential physical risks that could affect where increases in the
residential home insurance cost of damage under different
climate scenarios and across different weather risk types. surface temperatures
The potential cost of damage for the most material weather have stabilised by
risks has been estimated for future years up to 2100. The
weather risks included in the scenario analysis are 2100, sea levels could
windstorm, inland flood, coastal flood, freeze and subsidence.
Lower materiality and emerging risks are regularly assessed
continue to rise
but are not discussed further in this report.
increasing the risk
The analysis presented is based on risk levels as at
31 December 2021 and assumes no changes in the extent of
from coastal flood.
flood defences over time.
The table indicates the change in magnitude of the average
annual cost of damage (AAD) for a range of scenarios as at
2100.

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 154
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
The largest increase in physical risk is seen in the hothouse
Inland flood 2100
scenario, as the cost of damage is expected to increase
with warmer global mean temperatures.
• Large increases in the cost of damage are seen for flood,
both inland flood and coastal flood risk. The main driver
of this increase is that warmer air can hold more
moisture, increasing the level of precipitation. Combined
with rising sea levels, the level of flood risk increases Hothouse Orderly
considerably. Even in the orderly and divergent scenarios,
where increases in the surface temperatures have
stabilised by 2100, sea levels could continue to rise
increasing the risk from coastal flood. There is significant
regional variability in flooding impacts and it should be
noted that the majority of properties are not materially
impacted by flood risk
• Subsidence risk is expected to increase, in particular in
the south-east of the UK due to hotter, drier summers
leading to more ground movement in the heavy, chalky
soils
• The cost of damage from windstorm risk is not projected
to materially change, however, the modelling of future
windstorm risk contains a high degree of uncertainty, in
particular windstorm activity in the North Atlantic which
influences UK weather
• The projected increase in temperatures is expected to
result in warmer winters on average, reducing the
potential cost of damage from freeze risk. The prevalence
of the weather events that drive UK freeze risk is also
projected to decrease. However, the increase in
temperature does not remove the risk of significant
freeze events affecting the UK in future, even in the
hothouse scenario in 2100
The extent of future changes in weather risks is highly
uncertain and is dependent on several factors including
environmental conditions and the actions of policy makers.
2100 AAD
% Change
1 Flood Re is a joint initiative between the government and insurers. Its aim
is to make the flood cover part of household insurance policies more
affordable.

Flood risk
The most significant changes are seen in respect of inland
flood. The maps show the potential projected change for
inland flood in both the orderly and hothouse scenarios as
at 2100. The maps show, at a high level, the regional
variability in changes in flood risk. Data in the maps
represents the Lloyds Banking Group GI portfolio.
The analysis can be used to inform future changes to
underwriting risk appetite and indicate how the price of risks
may change in future.
y scenario The outputs from the flood modelling are used to create a
relative view of risk across the geographic domain of the
home insurance book. We assign properties risk bands to
reflect the level of potential flood risk, with higher bands
representing a higher risk of flooding. We can use this banding
to inform customer premiums and manage our exposure in
high-risk areas. Increasing the proportion of our portfolio in
higher-risk bands could lead to significant increases in cost of
damage in the event of increasing severe flood events. In the
shorter term, the increase in flood risk would likely result in
greater use of the Flood Re scheme1. Increased flood risk would
also require us to prepare for more intensive claims handling,
regardless of whether risk is ceded to Flood Re.
The increased risk of flooding is likely to be concentrated
in a relatively small proportion of UK residential properties.
The impact of flood risk can be partially mitigated by home
improvements to make properties more resilient to flood,
for example by raising electrics, installing hard flooring or
flood doors.
Internationally, government actions that restrict or reduce
future emissions are likely to reduce the physical risk that
residential properties are exposed to, which would
consequently moderate the cost of damage to properties.
Investment in flood defences along rivers and coastal
defences, along with improved urban drainage systems could
help to mitigate some of the increased risk from flooding.
Continuing the Flood Re scheme beyond the current end
date of 2039 would allow properties at high risk of flooding to
0 – 20
continue to gain access to affordable insurance, particularly
20 – 50 under scenarios where the increase in risk of flooding is high.
50 – 100 Improving building standards could also increase the
resilience of residential properties to heightened physical risk.
100 – 200
200 – 500 In summary, flood risk is likely to lead to the most material
changes in risk to residential properties within the UK in the
>500
scenarios considered.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 155
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
ESG credit risk management ESG Credit Risk Integration
The following areas remain a key priority for our These priority areas will further strengthen our ESG risk
environmental, social and governance credit integration management at both portfolio level and for individually
strategy: managed exposures.
1. ESG credit risk framework and policies
2. Portfolio management
ESG credit risk integration ESG credit risk taxonomy 3. Case management
We continue to enhance our capabilities to identify, During 2023, we have developed a new ESG credit risk 4. Scenario analysis
evaluate, and effectively manage ESG-related risks. Our taxonomy which outlines the most material ESG risks for the
approach is centred around the concept of ‘double Bank, based on our balance sheet and business strategy.
materiality’, allowing us to assess both the inbound risks Some of these risks are: nature and ecological impacts,
affecting our balance sheet and the outbound risks of our community relations, customer privacy and data security. ESG credit integration strategy
balance sheet on society and the planet see page 9 for
further details. Insights from the new ESG credit risk taxonomy will be used
to enhance our ESG credit risk management process and
Throughout 2023 we have further integrated environmental, assessments throughout 2024. This will include the
social and governance (ESG) considerations into our credit enhancement of our environmental assessments and
process, taking account of new challenges and processes to incorporate additional nature-related ESG credit risk framework Portfolio Case
opportunities. We have further embedded climate change- considerations. and policies management management
related considerations across our appetite and policy
frameworks for our consumer and commercial businesses, ESG colleague training and development
including quantifying potential impacts through scenario We remain focused on uplifting our colleagues knowledge Focus areas Focus areas Focus areas
analysis. of ESG risks and opportunities to ensure they are fully • Embedding of ESG credit risk • Embed ESG strategy and • Enhance counterparty-level ESG
policy and framework incorporate relevant data within risk risk assessments
embedded across our people and our organisation.
Our risk appetite for managing climate risk is outlined • Ongoing colleague training and management reporting and • Evolve our inbound risk case
in our external sector statements which are publicly During 2023 the risk function has created a programme and development relevant credit governance forums management process
available on our download centre . developed a number of specific ESG training modules for • Development and evolution of our • Refining our internal tools and • Evolve our outbound risk case
approach to financing transition capabilities for assessing and management process
both credit colleagues and relationship managers to drive
The external sector statements outline what types of the embedding of ESG risk assessment and management technologies managing ESG risks
activities we will and will not support and are reflected in our within the credit process. This programme has supported
credit risk management framework where we have internal colleagues in understanding the commitments the Group
policies and controls in place. has made in transitioning to net zero, our external sector
statements and the ESG risk considerations and
ESG has been integrated into the bank’s credit authority requirements as a component of the credit assessment
delegation framework in order to ensure these risks are process.
appropriately assessed. This includes understanding Scenario analysis
materiality and the impact of decisions on portfolios. During 2024 we will continue to produce training modules to
support and develop our colleagues, ensuring they are kept Focus areas
Throughout 2023 we have continued to make progress in up-to-date on evolving ESG risks. • Integration of climate insights into credit decision-making process
embedding ESG risk management into our credit processes.
Highlights of the enhancements we have made can be
found on the following page.
More detail on progress made in areas noted above can be found on the following pages.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 156
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
ESG credit risk framework and policies
2023 has seen positive enhancements of
our ESG credit risk policy framework. We ESG policy landscape
have reviewed our framework and policy
landscape and consolidated the
reputational, environmental and climate • Launched business unit-specific
requirements of our policies ensuring ESG policies, ensuring that ESG Risk
they deliver a robust set of requirements Management practices are
to allow the Group to appropriately Business unit specific consistent and appropriate to the
assess and manage the ESG risk within ESG policies business unit including relevant
our portfolios. portfolio and counterparty-level
requirements
This has resulted in the rollout of three
business unit-specific policies covering
our inbound and outbound risk • New Mid Corporate and SME
assessment requirements. 2024 will see transition technologies mandate
these evolve in line with our new credit detailing risk appetite, and
risk taxonomy and provide clear Transition technologies providing clear, concise guidance
requirements to further enhance our mandate on how we assess these emerging
control framework and embedding of technologies and help accelerate
ESG risk assessment practices within the the transition
credit process.
• N ew portfolio mandates defining
our participation in key sectors,
systematically embedding ESG risk
Portfolio mandate and opportunities analysis into
strategy and appetite setting
Commercial
Portfolio management
Commercial credit risk policy requires a company’s We have integrated climate risk considerations into various
sustainability-related risks to be assessed. This includes the aspects of our commercial credit risk portfolio activity.
potential physical and transition risks that the business and Transition risk and physical risk impacts are considered as
its supply chain may be exposed to, and the risk of assets part our industry sector risk monitoring. This sector risk
becoming stranded. monitoring is used to assess the performance and outlook
across industry sectors and can drive actions in response to
We ensure that ESG-related risks are considered for all emerging risks (e.g. credit appetite changes).
commercial lending customers that bank with us, with
specific commentary in new and renewal credit applications Where elevated climate risks are observed for a particular
where total aggregated hard limits exceed £500,000 industry sector (e.g. a forthcoming regulatory change), this
(excluding automated decisioning processes for smaller would increase the risk driver and could lead to an increase
counterparties). This commentary including any supporting in the overall sector risk, and trigger mitigating actions.
factors and mitigants is documented within the credit
application to support the credit officer in making their Sector ratings are updated and reviewed on a monthly
decision, ensuring the relevant ESG factors are considered. basis, and are reported within our commercial credit risk
governance forum for visibility to senior decision-makers.

Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 157
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

Risk management and scenario analysis continued
Case management Expansion of assessments to Mid Corporate
Our ESG risk management process continues to evolve and During 2023, we expanded the scope of our inbound and
add value to the existing credit assessment process through outbound assessments using the ESG tool to include further
our ESG tool which is a qualitative assessment of both requirements for Mid Corporate.
Inbound (climate) and Outbound (reputational and
environmental) risks for high risk exposures within our Expansion of assessments to SME
Commercial Banking portfolio. Supporting our SME clients is core to our purpose of Helping
Britain Prosper. Throughout 2023 we have been developing a
Where areas of concern are identified, we will engage with the bespoke climate risk assessment for our SME clients within
client or take mitigating actions to ensure the lending remains our commercial and residential real estate and agricultural
within risk appetite and in line with our external commitments. sectors. The launch of these assessments further supports
our relationship managers to have better quality
Requirements for case management processes to be conversations with their clients and to better understand
followed are regularly reviewed and are set based on their transition journey and how we can support them
business unit, sector and overall materiality. further. These assessments are scheduled to be launched in
March 2024 to support our NZBA targets for these sectors.
The chart below outlines the number of cases assessed
across 2023 through our case management processes. Inbound case management
We have a specialist team in the credit risk function who are
ESG risk assessments responsible for evaluating the climate risks associated with
Commercial Banking clients, and project finance
Across 2023 we have completed counterparty-level ESG transactions.
risk assessments using the ESG tool for:
• These reviews are conducted for clients/projects in Outbound case management
Inbound higher-risk industry sectors when we are evaluating new Outbound risks are assessed at a counterparty and
(climate) transactions and the annual renewal of existing credit transactional level where appropriate and follow two formal
facilities. This analysis considers: the transition risk processes which are to consider reputational and
associated with the client or transaction; a detailed environmental Risks. These processes are covered in more
Outbound evaluation of the client’s transition strategy; adherence detail below. In 2024, we plan to enhance the outbound risk
(reputational) with internal de-carbonisation targets and net zero assessments to incorporate nature-related considerations.
strategy; and an assessment of the potential physical
risk associated with the client/transaction. The • The reputational risk process defines a formal approach
0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 recommendations and outcomes of these reviews form for identifying and monitoring outbound and
an important part of the credit assessment and will be reputational risks and is completed at initial lending
We have also completed asset level environmental risk used by the credit officer to support decision-making request and at the client’s annual review, including
assessments using our environmental risk screening • In 2023 the Group has developed an advanced trigger-initiated reviews. The review considers both
Tool. This process is limited to higher-risk sectors and framework for assessing the credibility of client transition current and historic concerns such as potential ESG risks
transactions. plans. Referencing external standards such as the and incidents including adverse media. The outcome of
Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT) and utilising different the review will drive the level of approval required and
Outbound
climate-related data (e.g. emissions trends) we have any associated conditions
(environmental)
developed a robust assessment framework. We have • As ESG risks continue to evolve, we update our
prioritised our higher-emitting and material exposure assessments and question banks and have included
clients within the commercial bank for engagement with greenwashing risk as an additional consideration
0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 36 reviews completed by the end of 2023. We will expand throughout 2023
Large corporate this activity through 2024 to cover our top 100 emitting • As we continually seek to enhance our control framework
clients, and we will embed the outcomes of the CTP and processes in relation to our external sector
Mid corporate assessments into our risk-decisioning processes statements, we have formally incorporated this as a factor
within our reputational risk assessment process. This
Various

requires the relationship managers to consider and attest
that our clients are in adherence with our external sector
statements, with second line oversight provided by credit
officers and our specialist ESG teams where appropriate
• Environmental risk must be assessed at origination and
monitored on an ongoing basis throughout the customer
lifecycle, including at specific trigger points. Our
assessments are risk based and focus on higher-risk
sectors and transactions. All cases that are identified as
a higher risk are subject to further review, and where
specific or material environmental risks or concerns are
identified, these may be referred to environmental risk
consultants for an opinion on the adequacy of the
mitigants in place or recommendations on managing
the environmental risk. The key findings from such due
diligence are factored into credit applications and will be
considered as part of the credit decisioning process
• We continue to be a signatory to the Equator Principles,
which is a risk management framework for managing
environmental and social risks in project finance
transactions, such as large-scale energy, industrial or
infrastructure projects. It aims to ensure that such deals,
where the Group provides finance or advice, meet
minimum standards for due diligence and monitoring in
keeping with responsible finance principles
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 158
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 159]
| | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | |
| | | |

Severe weather losses
Expected Actual
)sessol
detcepxe
fo
%
lautca(
Risk management and scenario analysis continued
Retail General insurance Catastrophe modelling Percentage of insured properties which
The catastrophe weather model is a key component of the
are in higher risk flood bands as at:
Scottish Widows Solvency II capital model. The results of the
Homes Insurance underwriting risk
model by Weather Peril are used to inform the base rates for
As the UK’s largest mortgage lender we continue to develop Given the short-term nature of home insurance policies we
our scenario analysis capability to understand the potential are able to review our view of risks regularly, and change our risk pricing. Accordingly, weather pricing models are used to Sector Dec 2023 Dec 2022 Dec 2021
inform how insurance premiums should vary across the
impacts of climate risk on our customers’ affordability and approach as risks develop to mitigate long-term exposure 2.7% 2.7% 2.7%
book. The outputs are used to create a relative view of risk
increased need for lending to inform our credit risk strategy. of climate risks. Our overall strategy is to continually review across the geographic domain of the book – i.e. how risk Inland flood
our acceptance criteria and pricing strategy for each risk
varies from location to location. The weather modelling
Climate risk is primarily managed through the integration of based on both a short-term and long-term view. In-house
team conducts a regular review of available research and 0.5% 0.6% 0.6%
third-party climate risk data at the point of acquisition. EPC expertise on physical risk is retained in the form of a
controls are in place for buy-to-let properties, with exposure dedicated weather modelling team. The team is comprised models on climate change. Coastal flood
to physical risks (such as flooding) managed within the of specialists in hydrology, meteorology and probabilistic
Key metrics
mortgage origination criteria/property valuation process. modelling who develop a baseline view of physical risk for
Many of our customers have been impacted by weather Where a property is uninsurable we will not lend. the UK and conduct forward-looking climate stress testing Severe weather losses
events in the last few years, specifically from events which
on this. have led to claims from inland flooding, coastal flooding
Our considered approach to risk management reflects
and windstorm damage. Climate scientists predict that the
ongoing challenges in climate policy, data and models, and This team has been in place since 2016 and has monitored
frequency and severity of flooding could increase in coming an ongoing need to work closely with government and and applied climate change science onto the view of risk
years.
agencies such as Flood Re to mitigate the risks around flood used for capital, pricing, reinsurance and planning.
resilience.
For example, sea level in the UK could rise by up to one Financial management
metre by the end of the century. This size of increase would
Retail motor An assessment of climate-related risks for general likely affect the frequency and severity of our claims
We have a measured approach to the adoption of EVs, insurance liabilities is integrated into our internal model experience. Being able to identify and monitor trends in the
reflecting the rapid and continued development of EV governance process. Climate change is identified as a key
increased physical risks, through a variety of metrics, is
technology and changing consumer demand. This ensures topic for model review and approval within this process, and
therefore very important. 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
the pace and quality of growth is understood and regularly specifically, the appropriateness of the view of risk for the
reviewed, keeping inbound risks (transition risk impacts on weather perils in the context of climate change science.
Weather pricing models are used to inform how insurance
residual value risk) within appetite, considering mitigation This view of risk is integrated into assessments of capital
premiums should vary across the book. The outputs are where appropriate, while continuing to offer support to the requirements, reserving, reinsurance and pricing. It also
used to create a relative view of risk across the geographic In addition, we monitor actual weather-related losses
transition from internal combustion engines to electric feeds into the quarterly exposure management where
domain of the home insurance book. We assign properties against expected weather losses. The graph above shows
vehicles. insurance portfolio exposure arising from weather-related
risk bands to reflect the level of potential flood risk, with actual versus expected average annual loss on a net of perils is monitored and controlled.
higher bands representing a higher risk of flooding. We can reinsurance basis and covers inland flood, wind, coastal
For any new partnerships, retail motor leverage the
use this banding to manage our exposure in high-risk areas. flood and freeze. Actual weather losses performed better
commercial counterparty-level ESG risk assessment tool A third-party vendor model is used for the perils of inland
Increasing the proportion of our portfolio in higher-risk than expected from 2019 to 2021 and in 2023 due to relatively
undertaking both inbound (climate) and outbound flood, coastal flood and wind. The vendor model results are
bands could lead to significant increases in losses in the benign activity. However, due to the extreme cold weather in
(reputational) risk assessments for large corporate adjusted internally to better reflect our own exposure and
event of increasing severe events. December 2022, in addition to small windstorm losses,
businesses. This ensures a consistent approach to our large experience.
actual weather losses for 2022 exceeded expected losses.
corporate counterparties across Commercial Banking and
The total cost of the December freeze event has increased
Retail.
from the estimate disclosed in the prior year. This is not
unusual with large weather events due to the inherent
uncertainty underlying the cost, especially for estimates
made soon after the event, as it takes time for the estimate
of cost to stabilise.
The expected weather losses is a long-term view, so there
can be significant volatility depending on weather events.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 159
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 160]
Percentage of insured properties which are in higher risk flood bands as at: |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 160]
S Seevveerree wweeaatthheerr l olosssseess
----------------------------------------
140 )sessol 120 100 detcepxe 80 60 fo % 40 lautca( 20 0 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Expected Actual

[Table 3 — Page 160]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows
This section details our approach to
managing climate risk for our Scottish
Widows branded products and offerings,
as well as the shareholder investments
held to back our insurance liabilities.
Entity and product-level disclosures
required under the FCA's ESG Sourcebook
will be published by June 2024.
Scottish Widows Group also underwrites
the home insurance propositions for
Lloyds Banking Group. Details of this can
be found on page 127 of this report.
Emissions referred to in this section refer
to Scottish Widows’ Scope 3 ‘financed
emissions’ which are calculated from the
Scope 1 and 2 emissions generated from
our investments or lending.

Our ambition
Our ambition is to align all our investments with the
goals of the Paris Agreement by targeting net zero
emissions, by 2050 or sooner (from a 2019 baseline).
To support this, we have set ourselves the following
targets and milestones.
Invest between £20–25 billion in climate-aware
investment strategies1, with at least £1 billion
invested into climate solutions investments1
Halve the carbon footprint2 of our
investment portfolios
Net zero across the entirety of
1 C limate-aware investment strategies: We’re working closely with our appointed
Scottish Widows investments investment managers BlackRock and Schroders to develop and refine a range of funds
that have a bias towards investing in companies that are adapting their businesses to
be less carbon-intensive and/or developing climate solutions. We will invest in
climate solution investments either within these strategies or other funds. For more
information on our calculation methodology for these targets please sustainability
metrics basis of reporting which is available at our download centre .
2 C arbon footprint is a measure of carbon intensity calculated as absolute value of
emissions applicable to an investment divided by the value of investment.
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 160

[Table 1 — Page 161]
Scottish Widows This section details our approach to managing climate risk for our Scottish Widows branded products and offerings, as well as the shareholder investments held to back our insurance liabilities. Entity and product-level disclosures required under the FCA's ESG Sourcebook will be published by June 2024. Scottish Widows Group also underwrites the home insurance propositions for Lloyds Banking Group. Details of this can be found on page 127 of this report. Emissions referred to in this section refer to Scottish Widows’ Scope 3 ‘financed emissions’ which are calculated from the Scope 1 and 2 emissions generated from our investments or lending. | Overview Our ambition Our ambition is to align all our investments with the goals of the Paris Agreement by targeting net zero Our emissions, by 2050 or sooner (from a 2019 baseline). Group To support this, we have set ourselves the following targets and milestones. strategy How 2025 we deliver Invest between £20–25 billion in climate-aware investment strategies1, with at least £1 billion invested into climate solutions investments1 2030 Inclusive future Halve the carbon footprint2 of our investment portfolios 2050 Sustainable Net zero across the entirety of 1 C limate-aware investment strategies: We’re working closely with our appointed Scottish Widows investments investment managers BlackRock and Schroders to develop and refine a range of funds future that have a bias towards investing in companies that are adapting their businesses to be less carbon-intensive and/or developing climate solutions. We will invest in climate solution investments either within these strategies or other funds. For more information on our calculation methodology for these targets please sustainability metrics basis of reporting which is available at our download centre . 2 C arbon footprint is a measure of carbon intensity calculated as absolute value of emissions applicable to an investment divided by the value of investment. Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 160
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 161]
Scottish Widows This section details our approach to managing climate risk for our Scottish Widows branded products and offerings, as well as the shareholder investments held to back our insurance liabilities. Entity and product-level disclosures required under the FCA's ESG Sourcebook will be published by June 2024. Scottish Widows Group also underwrites the home insurance propositions for Lloyds Banking Group. Details of this can be found on page 127 of this report. Emissions referred to in this section refer to Scottish Widows’ Scope 3 ‘financed emissions’ which are calculated from the Scope 1 and 2 emissions generated from our investments or lending. | Overview Our ambition Our ambition is to align all our investments with the goals of the Paris Agreement by targeting net zero Our emissions, by 2050 or sooner (from a 2019 baseline). Group To support this, we have set ourselves the following targets and milestones. strategy How 2025 we deliver Invest between £20–25 billion in climate-aware investment strategies1, with at least £1 billion invested into climate solutions investments1 2030 Inclusive future Halve the carbon footprint2 of our investment portfolios 2050 Sustainable Net zero across the entirety of 1 C limate-aware investment strategies: We’re working closely with our appointed Scottish Widows investments investment managers BlackRock and Schroders to develop and refine a range of funds future that have a bias towards investing in companies that are adapting their businesses to be less carbon-intensive and/or developing climate solutions. We will invest in climate solution investments either within these strategies or other funds. For more information on our calculation methodology for these targets please sustainability metrics basis of reporting which is available at our download centre . 2 C arbon footprint is a measure of carbon intensity calculated as absolute value of emissions applicable to an investment divided by the value of investment. Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 160
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 161]
|
----------------------------------------
|
|
|
|
|
|

Scottish Widows continued
PENSIONS AND INVESTMENTS
£21.7bn
Carbon emission reduction targets
By targeting a gradual reduction in overall emissions contained
in our investment portfolios to net zero, we are engaging with
companies we invest in directly, and via our investment achieved in discretionary investment in climate-aware
management partners, to encourage them to embark on strategies by the end of 2023
decarbonisation pathways of a scale and pace needed to meet
2020 baseline We are here
the global warming objectives of the Paris Agreement.
£21.7bn
The extent to which we can meet our 2030 and 2050 portfolio Progress £20—25bn
£1.7bn target
decarbonisation targets is influenced by the pace towards net
zero of the wider economy. However, our investment decisions
on asset allocation, company exclusions and shareholder
engagement are consistent with the transition to net zero in the
real economy. achieved in discretionary investment in climate
solutions by the end of 2023
2025 target We are here
£1.0bn
Progress £1.7bn
Carbon footprint (tCO /£m)
NET ZERO
Baseline year Reduction As the carbon footprint is sensitive to market
116.1 target EMISSIONS
fluctuations in addition to the absolute value
c.58
97.9 of emissions and our own investment activity,
85.8 50% we expect to see short-term variation of the
77.4
footprint and will be studying the medium-term
trend from future reporting.
2019 2020 2021 2022 2030 2050 or sooner

Embark Group
The Embark Group, one of the UK’s fastest-growing diversified
financial services businesses, became part of Scottish Widows
Group Limited in January 2022. With c.£35 billion1 of assets
under administration on its platform (of which the Embark
Investments Authorised Corporate Director has responsibility for
c.£575 million), representing the interests of over 380,000
individual clients, Embark is committed to developing its ESG
policies to align, over time and where appropriate, with those of
Scottish Widows in support of investors looking to make
better-informed and responsible investment decisions.
The Embark leadership team recognises that the TCFD
recommendations provide an important framework for stronger
engagement on climate-related risks and opportunities with the
management teams of companies represented in its investment
solutions. There are additional ongoing efforts to providing
financial advisers and customers who access the Embark
platform with tools and information to foster greater awareness
of where and how they can allocate capital to support investment
in ways which represent their views on ESG matters.
Work is ongoing with Embark’s leadership team on finding the
right approach to integrate Embark investments into Scottish
Widows overall portfolio plans and commitments.
1 N ote this £35 billion does not form part of the net zero targets outlined in this report,
due to this being entirely customer directed funds managed by third parties.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 161
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 162]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 162]
2020 baseline We are here | | | |
----------------------------------------
£21 | .7bn | | |
Progress | | £20—25bn | |

[Table 3 — Page 162]
£1.0bn | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 162]
Baseline year 116.1 97.9 85.8 77.4 | Reduction target c.58 50% | NET ZERO EMISSIONS | As the carbon footprint is sensitive to market fluctuations in addition to the absolute value of emissions and our own investment activity, we expect to see short-term variation of the footprint and will be studying the medium-term trend from future reporting.
----------------------------------------
| | |

Scottish Widows continued
RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Climate-related risks and opportunities over Key commercial considerations of climate Transition risk may impact our business through: The speed with which the wider economy transitions and the
the short, medium and long term. change in the context of demographic risk: extent to which we align with this will affect the level of
Risk of loss of value of shareholder or exposure we have to these risks. The time horizons during which
As part of Lloyds Banking Group, Scottish Widows Group Potential for people to die sooner than Market risk customer assets due to poor, late or these risks may manifest is uncertain. We have translated these
approaches climate risk management in a consistent way to the Mortality risk expected due to climate-related factors costly transition by the companies we risks into six overarching risks impacting our business, and more
overall Group. Details of the Lloyds Banking Group approach, (e.g. temperature shocks and volatility or invest in; there will be winners and losers details are on page 171. We use continuous risk management and
air pollution) resulting in increased life during the transition with more
including definitions, and examples of risks and opportunities insurance claims. significant impact on those companies qualitative assessments to help consider the materiality of these
that arise in relation to climate change can be found in pages 154 deemed to be less valuable in the new risks to our business which helps to inform the controls that we
to 157 of the Group’s annual report and accounts 2023 . Potential for people to become sick more economy. have in place to monitor and manage the risks.
Morbidity risk often than expected or for longer than
More detail on how Scottish Widows Group recognises climate expected due to changes to climate (e.g. Corporate customers who are in sectors Identified opportunities
risk is set out on pages 171 to 173 of this report. spread of vector borne disease, impact on Credit risk specifically exposed to the transition will
resources or deteriorating air quality) see potential disruption to business We believe that implementing our net-zero strategy and the other
resulting in increased critical illness and/ models, impacts from upward pressure
initiatives highlighted on pages 164 to 165 provides an
Identified risks or disability claims. on carbon-related costs and likely
increased expenses as they try to adapt. opportunity for us to play our part in contributing towards
As identified in pages 154 to 157 of the annual report and Potential for reduced excess winter This will lead to changes in their balance change in the real economy.
accounts 2023 . and accounts climate risk manifests in two main Longevity risk mortality due to warmer conditions, but sheets that may ultimately increase the
credit risk of lending to them.
categories: Physical Risk and Transition Risk, with the Group conversely, increased heat-related
considering risks from the perspective of inbound risks, where deaths, resulting in some variation in the
duration of annuity payments. Risk from not delivering on public targets
the external environment affects the Group and outbound risks,
Litigation or and commitments or clearly disclosing
the risks that the Group places on society.
reputational risk current position on climate or from poor
management of customer/client
In the context of Scottish Widows the main climate-related risks exposures.
impacting insurance and annuities include: Physical risk may impact our business through:
Risk from not meeting existing and
The value of assets held by Scottish Regulatory risk upcoming climate-risk-driven regulatory
Market and Widows will be affected by balance sheet requirements. New climate-related
credit risk performance of the underlying companies regulation may be costly to implement
while government bonds values will be and lead to additional processes, data
affected by economic performance. and resources; diverging regulation
Damage and revenue disruption from across jurisdictions may add risk.
extreme weather events could erode
value on a short or long-term basis
depending on the hazard type and the
impact on the affected assets.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 162
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 163]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 163]
Key commercial considerations of climate change in the context of demographic risk:
----------------------------------------
Potential for people to die sooner than Mortality risk expected due to climate-related factors (e.g. temperature shocks and volatility or air pollution) resulting in increased life insurance claims. Potential for people to become sick more Morbidity risk often than expected or for longer than expected due to changes to climate (e.g. spread of vector borne disease, impact on resources or deteriorating air quality) resulting in increased critical illness and/ or disability claims. Potential for reduced excess winter Longevity risk mortality due to warmer conditions, but conversely, increased heat-related deaths, resulting in some variation in the duration of annuity payments.

[Table 3 — Page 163]
Transition risk may impact our business through:
----------------------------------------
Risk of loss of value of shareholder or Market risk customer assets due to poor, late or costly transition by the companies we invest in; there will be winners and losers during the transition with more significant impact on those companies deemed to be less valuable in the new economy. Corporate customers who are in sectors Credit risk specifically exposed to the transition will see potential disruption to business models, impacts from upward pressure on carbon-related costs and likely increased expenses as they try to adapt. This will lead to changes in their balance sheets that may ultimately increase the credit risk of lending to them. Risk from not delivering on public targets Litigation or and commitments or clearly disclosing reputational risk current position on climate or from poor management of customer/client exposures. Risk from not meeting existing and Regulatory risk upcoming climate-risk-driven regulatory requirements. New climate-related regulation may be costly to implement and lead to additional processes, data and resources; diverging regulation across jurisdictions may add risk.

[Table 4 — Page 163]
Physical risk may impact our business through:
----------------------------------------
The value of assets held by Scottish Market and Widows will be affected by balance sheet credit risk performance of the underlying companies while government bonds values will be affected by economic performance. Damage and revenue disruption from extreme weather events could erode value on a short or long-term basis depending on the hazard type and the impact on the affected assets.

Our governance structure (as at 31 December 2023) Insurance board key decisions
Authorised Corporate Insurance Board The Board is engaged (either directly or via its committees) on a
CLIMATE Director Board regular basis on our sustainability agenda, receiving regular
briefings to build understanding and capability and attending
relevant external briefings. Briefing sessions provided share
information on critical sustainability trends, stakeholder
GOVERNANCE IN Board Insurance Insurance Risk
responses (e.g. government, regulators and investors) and
Investment Audit Oversight
strategic responses from a business perspective.
Committee Committee Committee
SCOTTISH WIDOWS Strategy
• Knowledge sessions included a briefing on nature, including
Chief Executive Scottish Widows & CEO priority actions for nature-related objectives and plans
IP&I Executive Committee • Investment rationale for lower carbon strategies
• Carbon emissions associated with the Group’s Places strategy
• Role of Scottish Widows as enabler of financial wellness for
UK customers within the Social pillar of ESG
IP&I Customer Insurance Responsible IP&I IP&I
Governance for climate-related risks has been Investment Strategy Business Executive Asset & Liability Risk Key decisions
Committee Committee Committee Committee • Approved Scottish Widows Responsible Investment and
embedded into our existing governance structure,
Stewardship Report 2022
which is complementary to governance of the
• Approved various thought leadership reports for publication:
generating value for Lloyds Banking Group as ultimate As the stewards for long-term performance and resilience, the
wider Lloyds Banking Group’s sustainability Retirement Report; Women and Retirement Report; and
shareholder, and to contribute to the wider society and engage Insurance Board determines the most effective way to integrate
Green Pensions Report
strategy, with key boards and committees
actively in the affairs of the IP&I business. This includes a climate considerations into its structure and committees. During
meeting regularly in a calendar year. requirement to keep abreast of material changes in its business and 2023, the Board’s consideration of environmental matters and Oversight
the external environment, which includes climate-related issues, as its management of climate risks was taken out of a bespoke • Regular climate risk reporting
The Insurance Board is the ultimate authorisation body for well as acting in a timely manner to protect the long-term interests Insurance Sustainability Committee and integrated within • Target operating model, including responsibilities, structure,
matters which concern the operation of Scottish Widows' of the IP&I business. These responsibilities and certain matters business as usual, following the establishment of the Board resourcing, and development of plans to build capability
business. In 2023, the Insurance Board’s Sustainability reserved for the approval of the Insurance Board are set out in Investment Committee. • How risks should be reflected in our risk management
Committee’s remit for sustainability and responsible investment the ‘Schedule of Matters Reserved’, which is reviewed annually, framework
was transitioned and embedded within the responsibilities and inform matters for consideration and discussion at Insurance To support the Board, management assesses the materiality of • Knowledge sessions on legal and regulatory risks, including
of the Board and its other committees, including a newly Board meetings. The Insurance Board meets no less than eight climate-related risks and opportunities for the IP&I business on greenwashing risk
established Insurance Board Investment Committee, following times a year. an ongoing basis and take actions that are proportionate to the
which the Insurance Sustainability Committee was materiality of climate to the IP&I business. Material climate- Key decisions
decommissioned. The Insurance Board also undertakes an annual review of each of related risks, opportunities and strategic decisions are disclosed • Approved refresh to risk management system
its committees’ purpose and responsibilities (Terms of Reference) to all stakeholders – particularly to investors and, where
Metrics and Targets
During 2024, we will continue to ensure sustainability is and is kept informed at each Board meeting of key matters, required, regulators. Such disclosures are made, for instance,
• Market insights of climate disclosures in the industry
at the heart of governance and ESG is fully embedded across discussed via individual committee Chair Reports. The Insurance within filings, such as annual reports and accounts, and are
• Evolution of climate-related metrics for 2022/2023 reporting
the committee structure and into all business-as-usual Board also ensures that its composition is sufficiently diverse in subject to the same disclosure governance as financial reporting. • Development of our approach to climate-related scenario
considerations. The Insurance Responsible Business knowledge, skills, experience and background to effectively debate analysis
Executive Committee remains in place. and take decisions informed by an awareness and understanding Responsible Business Executive Committee
of climate-related threats and opportunities. The Insurance
Key decisions
Insurance Board Board maintains regular exchanges and dialogues with peers, The Insurance Responsible Business Executive Committee is • Approved metrics and targets published in the Scottish
policymakers, investors and other stakeholders to encourage the responsible for the development and delivery of the ESG strategy Widows Group TCFD Report 2022, including input into Lloyds
The Insurance Board has an overall responsibility to promote and sharing of methodologies and to stay informed about the latest for the Insurance Group (including stewardship activities across Banking Group Environmental Sustainability Report 2022
assess the long-term sustainable success, safety, and soundness climate-relevant risks and regulatory requirements. Scottish Widows’ investment book and other sustainability goals
of the Insurance, Pensions and Investments (IP&I) business, such as decarbonisation). The Responsible Business Executive
Committee met nine times in 2023.
seettimmoc
draoB
seettimmoc
evitucexE
Scottish Widows continued
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 163
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 164]
Our governance structure (as at 31 December 2023) |
----------------------------------------
seettimmoc draoB | Authorised Corporate Insurance Board Director Board Board Insurance Insurance Risk Investment Audit Oversight Committee Committee Committee
seettimmoc evitucexE | Chief Executive Scottish Widows & CEO IP&I Executive Committee IP&I Customer Insurance Responsible IP&I IP&I Investment Strategy Business Executive Asset & Liability Risk Committee Committee Committee Committee

[Table 2 — Page 164]
Insurance board key decisions
----------------------------------------
The Board is engaged (either directly or via its committees) on a regular basis on our sustainability agenda, receiving regular briefings to build understanding and capability and attending relevant external briefings. Briefing sessions provided share information on critical sustainability trends, stakeholder responses (e.g. government, regulators and investors) and strategic responses from a business perspective. Strategy • Knowledge sessions included a briefing on nature, including priority actions for nature-related objectives and plans • Investment rationale for lower carbon strategies • Carbon emissions associated with the Group’s Places strategy • Role of Scottish Widows as enabler of financial wellness for UK customers within the Social pillar of ESG Key decisions • Approved Scottish Widows Responsible Investment and Stewardship Report 2022 • Approved various thought leadership reports for publication: Retirement Report; Women and Retirement Report; and Green Pensions Report Oversight • Regular climate risk reporting • Target operating model, including responsibilities, structure, resourcing, and development of plans to build capability • How risks should be reflected in our risk management framework • Knowledge sessions on legal and regulatory risks, including greenwashing risk Key decisions • Approved refresh to risk management system Metrics and Targets • Market insights of climate disclosures in the industry • Evolution of climate-related metrics for 2022/2023 reporting • Development of our approach to climate-related scenario analysis Key decisions • Approved metrics and targets published in the Scottish Widows Group TCFD Report 2022, including input into Lloyds Banking Group Environmental Sustainability Report 2022

[Table 3 — Page 164]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
CLIMATE ENGAGEMENT, PARTNERSHIP AND INITIATIVES
PARTNERSHIPS, INITIATIVES
Institutional Investors Group on Climate Net Zero Engagement Initiative (NZEI) We are represented in the Scope 3 emissions project group,
AND COLLABORATIONS Change (IIGCC) This Initiative was set up to scale and accelerate climate-related starting in Q4, 2023 and continuing through 2024. The Scope 3
corporate engagement, to support investors in aligning more of project group has been established to lead on the development
The IIGCC is the European membership body for investor their investment portfolio with the Paris Agreement and of implementation guidance to support investors in addressing
collaboration on climate issues, representing investors with accelerate real-world impact. Whilst the Climate Action 100+ the Scope 3 emissions of their investments in the context of
Our active participation in partnerships and
more than €50 trillion of assets. Our IIGCC membership has (CA100+) initiative focuses solely on the biggest high-emitting achieving net zero portfolio emissions. Specific aims are to
collaborations fits into our goal to support been one of the most important elements of our Responsible companies, the NZEI has expanded the universe of companies identify challenges for investors and potential practical solutions
and encourage greening across the real economy, Investment initiatives. In the past we have contributed to the beyond the CA100+ focus list, to help investors more broadly to address them.
development of the Net Zero Investment Framework among other align their portfolios with net zero initiatives. In 2022, the IIGCC
and not solely achieving a green investment
initiatives, as outlined in our previous Scottish Widows launched a new Net Zero Engagement Platform, creating a
portfolio.
Responsible Investment and Stewardship reports. Over the central hub for corporate collaborative engagement
course of 2023, we have participated in two further key workstreams, to accelerate progress against goals. Along with a
initiatives: group of five other investors, we participated in an Engagement
Sub-Group, to provide close support for accelerating
Climate Solutions Working Group engagement and escalation with specific CA100+ target
During 2022, and continuing into 2023, one of our key companies and in supporting a plan to engage with an additional
contributions has been to co-lead the Climate Solutions Working number of real economy companies. The aim is to make progress
Group. This group has produced guidance documents for asset across both the supply and demand side of high-CO-emitting
Scottish Widows recognises owners and managers to measure, monitor and disclose their sectors. We were signatories to letters to all these 107
relevant investments across different asset classes. This is companies and are directly engaging with one of those,
that we can be most effective particularly important as many more asset owners and asset alongside another investor.
managers have made, or are looking to make, specific
through collaboration, commitments to invest in climate solutions as part of being a Other
signatory of the Paris Aligned Investment Initiative. We have We have provided our input to the IIGCC’s Net Zero Voting
and we continue to work
contributed, reviewed and communicated the guidance, as well report, alongside its Asset Owner Stewardship Working Group.
with other external bodies, as overseeing its creation through encouraging collaboration The aim of this paper is to help the industry exercise its rights
with other IIGCC members. and responsibilities better to help support companies set the
organisations and initiatives right transition plans and make progress on these. Our feedback
has been in the areas specific to asset owners and the various
pursuing responsible
voting approaches they can take to direct or influence their
investment managers to align voting behaviours with their own
investment and climatebeliefs and expected outcomes.
related policy or advocacy
initiatives.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 164
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 165]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 165]
Scottish Widows recognises that we can be most effective through collaboration, and we continue to work with other external bodies, organisations and initiatives pursuing responsible investment and climate- related policy or advocacy initiatives.
----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
Climate Action 100 and Transition Pathway Association of British Insurers (ABI) UK Sustainable Investment Forum (UKSIF)
Initiative
We are also a member of the ABI Board and the Board’s Climate As a member of the UKSIF, Scottish Widows continues to
Change Sub-Group, as well as its Climate Change Working Group. contribute towards industry best practice and to advance the
Scottish Widows continues to support these initiatives, using
In 2023, our contributions to the Climate Change Working Group regulatory and policy agenda towards creating well-functioning
these towards our assessment of company transition plans,
supported development of an industry Guide to Action on markets which embrace and embed long-termism. We are
engagement activities and voting actions.
Nature, which, in recognition of the need for nature to support currently participating in its working group to support the
net zero ambitions, complements the previously published development of the UK Taxonomy and sustainability-related
Transition Plan Taskforce
Climate Change Roadmap by setting out a detailed framework for regulation.
We are a part of the sector-specific (asset owner) working group, how insurance and long-term savings providers can develop
an industry collaboration to co-develop additional guidance and strategies for nature. Alongside our participation in industry collaborations, we are
a disclosure framework relevant for asset owners where the also active in advocating for the policy environment conducive
‘sector-neutral’ guidance and framework was lacking. Transition Farm Animal Investment Risk and Return to the climate transition. Some examples of our activities in
plan disclosure guidance extends beyond the asset owner’s own (FAIRR) 2023 are:
corporate transition to include relevant investment activities
such as stewardship and investee engagement. We became members of the FAIRR Initiative in 2022. The 1. Scottish Widows, alongside several other financial
initiative provides detailed ESG insight into animal agriculture Institutions and UKSIF, signed a letter to the Prime Minister
United Nations Principles for Responsible and global food companies. The initiative is a great resource for expressing concern at the government’s recent public
our climate, biodiversity and human rights stewardship themes statements and policy signals regarding net zero. There is a
Investment (PRI) Collaborative Stewardship
in the food sector, providing in-depth company research and risk that the recent announcements could undermine
Initiative on Nature company engagement opportunities. Over 2023, we have been confidence in the UK’s commitment to meeting its medium
involved in multiple initiatives with FAIRR, ranging from and long-term net-zero goals. We have urged the government
Scottish Widows has been involved in the Strategic Advisory
stewardship workstreams on Waste and Pollution, Protein to provide long-term policy certainty on issues like
Council of PRI’s Stewardship initiative on Nature, titled as
Diversification, Working Conditions, to policy advocacy relating predictable carbon pricing mechanisms, the transition to EVs,
Spring. The objective of the Council is to support the design and
to the food sector and contributing to its thinking around and improved energy efficiency standards for housing, to
development of the initiative and to provide input, advice and
investor action on regenerative agriculture. boost confidence in its long-term net-zero agenda. This is
insights to the PRI Executive on the strategy and activities of the
essential so that the finance industry can help drive capital
initiative. Its initial focus will be on forest loss and land
towards innovative companies and infrastructure, and deliver
World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)
degradation, as a key driver of biodiversity loss, and will likely
prosperity across the UK, improving productivity, pay and
expand to other drivers of biodiversity loss as the initiative
The WBA is a not-for-profit organisation established to assess creating approximately 1.7 million ‘green collar’ jobs, also
develops further.
and rank companies based on their contribution to the aligned to ambitions of the Chancellor’s Mansion House
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In 2021, we became speech. We believe that to protect the UK’s competitive
The initiative will focus on enabling policy alignment and
members of the WBA to strengthen our direct and collective advantage as the world’s largest net exporter of financial
implementation across geographies to help generate positive
engagement efforts, and heighten knowledge of emerging ESG services, purposeful and predictable sustainable finance
outcomes for nature and investor portfolios. Focusing investor
themes (e.g. biodiversity, human rights, Just Transition). In policy is fundamental, and can help position the UK’s
efforts on policy will make it more likely that systemic risks are
2023, we joined their collective engagement initiative on Just financial services sector as a global leader in green
addressed across economic sectors and at an appropriate pace.
Transition, focusing on three companies in the Oil and Gas investment.
sector. We are also participants in the Collective Impact
Scottish Widows is already a participant of PRI’s stewardship
Coalition (CIC) on Human Rights Investor Strategy and Actions
initiative on human rights, Advance, and is engaging with
sub-group.
several investors.

2. Scottish Widows is a signatory to the first global investor
statement, coordinated by FAIRR, urging G20 Finance
Ministers to reallocate their agricultural subsidies in
alignment with climate and nature objectives. This statement
followed the Global Biodiversity Framework agreed in
Montreal. According to the UN, governments provide nearly
$500 billion per year of agricultural support that is pricedistorting and environmentally and socially harmful1. Action
on subsidy reform by G20 Finance Ministers is essential for
climate mitigation and long-term environmental resilience
which is critical for global financial stability, since climate
change and nature loss are sources of systemic risk to
investments. The IPCC estimates that up to 34 per cent of
existing areas for crops and livestock production could be
unsuitable by the end of the century, materially impacting
agricultural supply chains and companies. Building on a
previous investor statement focusing on the EU’s agricultural
subsidies, this alliance of investors drew attention to four
recommendations to ensure that reforms to agricultural
subsidies also include climate and nature protection, as well
as the importance of supporting a Just Transition for affected
stakeholders to protect sustainable investments and
maximise opportunities.
1 https://news.un.org/en/story/2021/09/1099792.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 165
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 166]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
CLIMATE ACTION PLAN: PROGRESS UPDATE
02 04
Integrate climate considerations into asset Focus our stewardship activity on companies
allocation optimisation failing to address climate risks
Our Responsible Investment & Stewardship Framework and To support decarbonisation in line with our targets, a strong
policies influence fund selection and asset allocation decisions engagement programme is needed with investee companies.
Announced in 2022, our five-year Climate Action 01 across our portfolio to ensure that material ESG considerations Our primary role is to monitor the stewardship activities of our
Plan outlines our current plans for action on are embedded. Schroders, our strategic appointed asset appointed investment managers and we engage with them to
Develop climate-aware investment strategies
manager for active fund management, integrates ESG risks and discuss the quality and coverage of these. In addition, we
climate change with regard to our overall portfolio.
and climate solutions investments opportunities into their security analysis and portfolio directly engage with some material high-emitting holdings in
It sets out four key actions to aid us in achieving management decisions to achieve long-term sustainable a measured manner and over 2023 have directed voting in some
our net zero targets and limit global warming to Over the course of 2023, we have continued to work closely with investment returns. As our appointed passive fund asset of these on key climate and environment issues. Examples of
our core appointed strategic investment managers to develop manager, we work with BlackRock to deliver tailored strategies directed voting actions include voting against certain climate
1.5°C. As best practice evolves, so too will this
and refine a range of funds that have a bias towards investing in that integrate ESG considerations. For example, the launch of the transition plans and relevant director reappointments or reports
Climate Action Plan and our actions to implement companies that are adapting their businesses in a way that is Global Corporate ESG Insights Bond Fund, which applies and accounts at companies where enough progress on climate
it. In July 2023, we published a report outlining less carbon intensive and/or developing climate solutions. At the ESG-related tilts to achieve its aims. transition hasn’t been made, climate risks have not been
progress made towards our Climate Action Plan . start of last year, we launched the Scottish Widows Global articulated in financial statements or there has been
Environmental Solutions Fund1, which provides targeted When setting the strategic asset allocation (SAA) for our backtracking on previous climate targets, despite a longthematic exposure to global companies actively involved in multi-asset funds, we use a variety of optimisation tools, including standing history of engagement by investors. We have also
The following summarises activity contributing towards our providing solutions to the climate crisis or other areas of modelling that incorporates climate considerations into the supported multiple shareholder resolutions which have
Climate Action Plan over the course of 2023: environmental challenges. The fund, which is actively managed, economic forecasts. Specifically, we use long-term (from 10 to 40 requested disclosures around activities like climate lobbying,
provides access to a wide range of environmental investment years) asset class forecasts from a variety of sources, including physical and transition risks, Scope 3 GHG emissions (including
themes such as alternative energy, clean mobility, transport and Moody’s Analytics who provide year-on-year forecasts over the related medium- to long-term targets for reduction), methane
infrastructure sustainability, forestry, sustainable agriculture, next 40 years and 10/30-year forecasts from Schroders, with the measurement and on energy transition social impact, i.e. Just
biodiversity and pollution prevention. longer-term forecasts incorporating Schroders’ projected impact Transition.
of climate change upon a variety of asset classes.
As at 2023 year-end, our climate-aware strategies assets We report annually on our progress on these areas through our
increased by £4.2 billion compared with the previous year. This 03 Responsible Investment and Stewardship reporting, typically
brings us to a cumulative £21.7 billion, well on the way to published in July each year. The 2023 report, to be published in
meeting our £20–25 billion goal by the end of 2025. Having Exclude high-carbon investments that we July 2024, will include greater detail on our climate and
already exceeded our goal in 2022 to achieve £1 billion environment-related stewardship activities, including those
believe present a high risk of becoming
investment in climate solutions by 2025, 2023 year-end saw this mentioned above.
figure reach £1.7 billion1. stranded assets
Our exclusion policy, which has been in effect since 2020, is Our most recent report, relating to 2022, is
We continue to seek out opportunities to invest in climate-aware
solutions through our loan investment activity too. Our existing reviewed annually. This policy helps to ensure that our investment published here: Our Responsible Investment
approach is aligned with the long-term interests of our customers.
book contains a range of green infrastructure projects, including Research | Scottish Widows .
As two of the most CO-intensive fossil fuels, the carbon, climate
green energy solutions across wind and solar power generation, 2
change and social impact of companies involved in thermal coal
as well as smart metering. In 2023 we completed a £30.8 million
and tar sands is not aligned with our long-term investment
investment to support the acquisition of land and lease income
1 W e welcome the new rules on sustainable disclosures from the FCA and over 2024 we strategy. Adherence to this policy has directly resulted in our
will be actively considering the new labelling regime as it applies to our funds. of an onshore UK wind farm.
2 W e define 'at risk of becoming stranded assets’ as investments that are likely to suffer divesting nearly £3 billion in total from companies we have
from unanticipated devaluation caused by environmental considerations such as deemed as ‘at risk of becoming stranded assets’2.
climate change and society’s attitudes towards it.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 166
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 167]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
SCENARIO ANALYSIS – INVESTMENTS
A wide range of scenario analyses is used to Climate is one of many factors that influence an asset’s
provide insights to aid our understanding of performance. Global outcomes
climate risk and support our decisions. Our
In the illustrative scenarios: This graph shows projected global outcomes in the
approach, along with the scenarios discussed illustrative scenarios. They show the aggregate effects of
follows that outlined on pages 151 to 155. • Global economic performance is best in an orderly transition socioeconomic pathways and of climate risk given those
to a low-carbon economy pathways. These aggregate effects are influenced more by
• Coal, oil, gas and petroleum sectors are the most sensitive to the choice of socioeconomic pathway than by the impact
the transition to a low carbon economy of climate risk.
As Gross Domestic Product (GDP) measures the size of a
country’s economy, a higher GDP is expected to lead to
higher earnings, growing asset prices and better
investment performance. The orderly transition to a
low-carbon economy has the best overall performance.
This is because it is assumed to have more coordinated
actions and a higher rate of technological development.
Global GDP
2,020 2,100
Year
Orderly Divergent Hothouse

Carbon emissions
In the chart below, we project the pathways of CO
equivalent emissions in each of our chosen scenarios. We
see that the divergent and orderly scenarios have similar
profiles, but that they are not identical, as they arise in
different SSPs, where different assumptions are being
made about the development and coordinated deployment
of technology.
As a result of these emissions pathways, by 2100 in the
orderly and divergent scenarios, the increases in surface
temperature have stabilised and the global economy is
growing, whilst in hothouse the temperature is increasing,
and globally economies are experiencing increasing
damage from physical risks.
Emissions CO equivalent
2,020 2,100
Year
Orderly Divergent Hothouse
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 167
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 168]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
Sectoral sensitivity to climate risks The chart is based on projected equity values at 2050, with
currency movements hedged, compared to counterfactual
projections.
Since we hold a diversified portfolio of assets, projected
aggregate equity returns largely reflect global GDP
The sectors that are more sensitive to the transition to a
performance. We consider the impact of physical risk on asset
low-carbon economy are ‘Coal Mining and Gas’ (including Gas
returns to be quite speculative, so we consider the impact of
Utilities) and ‘Oil and manufacture of Petroleum Products’.
transition risk alone, relative to counterfactual projections
Our modelling suggests that in these scenarios, the impacts
that do not recognise climate risk at all.
on these sectors can be similar in the short to medium term,
but that in the very long term the impact is stronger in the
There are significant differences among the underlying
divergent scenario. The ordering of the sectors in the chart
sectors in both the orderly and divergent scenarios. This
would also change if we changed the term of the outlook.
sectoral differentiation can be helpful in developing our
investment strategy, especially when coupled with our view
More granular analysis suggests that within sectors, there is a
of the relative likelihoods of the scenarios and of the sectoral
wide range of returns by region, and that this range can
emissions profiles.
depend significantly on the underlying SSP.
In this chart, we focus on the impact of climate risk on
By design, in our hothouse scenario, we would not see the
broadly defined sectors. We consider the quantitative impact
impact of transition risks, but we would expect to see the
of transition risk alone in the high transition scenarios, and
impact of physical risk in the long term. As discussed above,
limit our outlook to 2050.
we would expect an adverse overall economic outcome, but
we consider quantification of these impacts to be speculative
at this stage.
Impact of transition risk on equities
Coal mining and Gas
Oil and Manufacture of Petroleum Products
Electric Utilities
Transport
Automotives, Other Manufacturing and Other Mining
Agriculture, forestry and fishing
Orderly
Remaining Sectors
Divergent
1.9

Conclusions For these reasons, this type of modelling is only one of several
components of our climate risk management process and is not
The socioeconomic pathways have a greater effect on modelled acted upon in isolation.
outcomes than climate risk in isolation, though we do see some
marked differentiation by climate risk among sectors when we
Business strategy
project a significant transition to a low carbon economy.
We regularly review our strategy using scenario analysis to
Challenges with the analysis assess its resilience.
This analysis requires us to model the global economic impacts Short to medium term
over several decades of climate risks. Inevitably, such a task We assess risks to the achievement of our strategic objectives
involves simplifications and speculative judgements. For over the short to medium term. This year, amongst other stress
example: tests, we considered a bespoke climate scenario and compared
• We model government policy to effect a transition by means this to the base planning scenario. In the analysis, we projected
of a single, simple tax on emissions of GHGs, whereas actual our balance sheet and profit and loss account. The key
policy would also involve regulations and incentives components of the stress scenario were weather events that
• Since there is no historical precedent to guide us, we must previously occurred every 10 years occurring every year, stresses
speculate on the impact of physical risk on economic output. to asset values and projected deterioration of the business
It is arguable that for various reasons the economic impact of environment with reduced sales and more people stopping
physical risk is understated, for example, we make no explicit policies, possibly as a consequence of reputational risk.
allowance for disruptions to supply chains or to political
stability This analysis showed us the variation in projected profitability
• Climate scenario analysis covers carbon emissions but other caused by an adverse climate scenario. If this scenario were to
aspects of sustainability, e.g. biodiversity and its interaction occur the financial stability of Scottish Widows would remain
with climate change, are not currently addressed secure.
Climate scenario analysis requires data for the assets, which is Long term
not available for the entire portfolio. While we have been able to Our business strategy is kept under continual review to ensure
model the majority of our assets, for those with inadequate data that it remains current and resilient in the face of emerging risks.
we do not explicitly model the returns. Implicitly, the projected
return on such assets is the same as that on the assets we have Long-term climate scenario analysis alerts us to potential
modelled. Where precise matching of the sector of an asset to a changes in the economic and physical environment, to which we
modelled sector has not been possible, we have adopted an adapt by reviewing, for example, our pricing and underwriting
appropriate proxy. standards and our investment strategy.
While we consider the approaches we take to be reasonable, we
Next steps
must recognise that our model outputs are indicative rather than
definitive and treat them with appropriate caution. While climate Analysis of the impact of climate risk on the economic and
science itself is very well developed, determining the economic financial system is in its infancy and we will continue to develop
impacts of climate change is problematic, and there is no single our analysis and the availability, coverage and quality of
agreed method used across the industry. The margin of climate-related data.
uncertainty in any translation of climate risk into economic
impacts is wide.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 168
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 169]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 169]
| | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |
| | | | | | |

Scottish Widows continued
METRICS AND TARGETS
Total financed emissions
AUM in scope according Estimated total MtCOe Weighted average
to PCAF methodology In-scope AUM for (Scope 1 and 2 Carbon Footprint carbon intensity
Total and for which emissions which emissions emissions, for (where data is (where data is
AUM data is available data is available investments where available)* PCAF data available
£bn £bn % data is available) (tCOe/£m invested) quality score (tCOe/£m sales)
Overview of financed emissions 2 2
2022 Policyholder 145.7 115.1 79% 9.1 77.7 2.3 192.0
Our 2022 carbon footprint was 77.4 tCO /£m, down from our 2019 baseline of
2 Shareholder 20.7 12.7 61% 1.1 75.6 3.7 121.5
116.1 tCO /£m. We saw a decrease in the footprint from 2019 to 2020 relating to
the fall in investee company emissions during 2020, in part due to reduced Total 166.4 127.8 77% 10.2 77.4 √ 2.4 √ 188.0
production and energy usage during the COVID pandemic. Some company
emissions increased during 2021 post-pandemic, but on average global company 2021 Policyholder 161.1 114.4 71% 9.7 86.7 2.2 192.8
values increased relative to emissions causing the footprint to fall.
Shareholder 27.3 15.4 56% 1.1 78.8 3.6 125.6
The 2022 results reflect the value of investee companies during 2022 but the Total 188.4 129.8 69% 10.8 85.8 2.3 188.3
emissions still largely relate to 2021. Market values and emissions have not moved
consistently during 2022 across different regions and sectors, for example, the US 2020 Policyholder 144.7 95.6 66% 9.1 97.6 2.2 N/A
and emerging market indices fell, but the UK was relatively flat. In terms of
Shareholder 28.5 14.5 51% 1.2 100.5 3.8 N/A
higher-emitting sectors such as oil and gas, the emissions increased but the
company market values increased by more, meaning the oil & gas footprint has Total 173.2 110.1 64% 10.3 97.9 2.4 N/A
reduced relatively. As the carbon footprint is sensitive to market fluctuations in
addition to the absolute value of emissions and our own investment activity, we 2019 Policyholder 143.1 96.6 68% 11.0 116.6 2.1 N/A
expect to see short-term variation of the footprint and will be studying the
Shareholder 26.7 14.4 54% 1.5 112.3 3.7 N/A
medium-term trend from future reporting.
Total 169.8 111.0 65% 12.5 116.1 √ 2.3 √ N/A
Note the Assets Under Management (AUM) of £166.4 billion at year-end 2022
represents the total assets in scope of our headline net zero target.
Assets not included in emissions calculations
Further detail of financed emissions
2022 2021
Our carbon footprint is a key indicator in helping us assess our progress against
our net zero commitment. Although we have presented weighted average carbon
Policyholder Shareholder Total Total
intensity for the first time, in line with developing industry practice and regulatory
£bn £bn £bn £bn
expectations, carbon footprint is still our preferred measurement of progress
Assets excluded: government bonds 10.1 3.3 13.4 18.4
against our net zero target. The metrics and targets we monitor help to inform our
investment strategy as demonstrated in our Climate Action Plan, namely the Assets not in scope of PCAF methodology 3.3 2.0 5.3 5.4
launch of our climate-aware investment strategies. For further information on Assets for which emissions data is not available 17.2 2.7 19.9 34.8
these strategies, see the Climate Action Plan Update section on page 166.
Total 30.6 8.0 38.6 58.6
Refer to the our sustainability metrics basis of reporting, available on our * E missions per £1 million invested is calculated using the market value of equity + book value of debt investment rather than the AUM in the table where assets are quoted at market value. The market value of equity + book value of debt equivalent total is
download centre , for details on how our financed emissions metrics are
**
£
W
e
i
g
.
h
t e
b
d
il l
a
i
v
o
e
n
r
f
a
o
g
r
e
c
a
r
b o
(£
n
i
n
te
.2
n s
b
i
i
t
l
y
li
e
o
x
n
p
f
r
o
e
r
s
s
es
2 1
th
).
e
N
p
o
o
t
r
e
t
:
f o
co
li
v
o
e
's
r a
fi
g
n
e
a
f
n
o
c
r
e
w
d
e
e
i
m
gh
is
te
s
d
io
a
n
v
s
e
p
r
e
a
r
g e
u n
c
i
a
t
r
o
b
f
o
s
n
a
i
l
n
e
t
s
e
r
n
e
s
v
i
e
ty
n u
m
e
a
o
y
f
b
t
e
h e
lo
i
w
nv
e
e
r
s
t
t
h
e
a
e
n
c
f
o
o
m
r
p
fo
a
o
n
t
i
p
e
r
s
i
.
nt due to lack of revenue data on certain asset types.
calculated. √ Indicator is subject to limited ISAE 3000 (revised) assurance by Deloitte LLP. Deloitte’s 2023 assurance statement and the sustainability metrics basis of reporting 2023 are available online at our download centre .
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 169
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 170]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 170]
| | Total AUM £bn | AUM in scope according to PCAF methodology and for which emissions data is available £bn | In-scope AUM for which emissions data is available % | Estimated total MtCOe 2 (Scope 1 and 2 emissions, for investments where data is available) | Carbon Footprint (where data is available)* (tCOe/£m invested) 2 | PCAF data quality score | Weighted average carbon intensity (where data is available (tCOe/£m sales) 2
----------------------------------------
2022 | | | | | | | |
| Total | 166.4 | 127.8 | 77% | 10.2 | 77.4 √ | 2.4 √ | 188.0

[Table 3 — Page 170]
2021 | | | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| Total | 188.4 | 129.8 | 69% | 10.8 | 85.8 | 2.3 | 188.3

[Table 4 — Page 170]
2020 | | | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| Total | 173.2 | 110.1 | 64% | 10.3 | 97.9 | 2.4 | N/A

[Table 5 — Page 170]
2019 | | | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| Total | 169.8 | 111.0 | 65% | 12.5 | 116.1 √ | 2.3 √ | N/A

[Table 6 — Page 170]
| 2022 | | | 2021
----------------------------------------
| Policyholder £bn | Shareholder £bn | Total £bn | Total £bn
| | | | 18.4
| | | | 5.4
| | | | 34.8
Total | 30.6 | 8.0 | 38.6 | 58.6

Scottish Widows continued
Sectoral analysis of emissions
The following bar chart shows a sector breakdown of the total
financed emissions. This view is intended for illustrative
purposes at this time and sector headings and the allocation of
individual companies to sectors may be subject to revision as
best practices emerge. Data is at 31 December 2022.
Size of investment (£bn AUM) Financed emissions (MtCO2e)
1.1 5.0 Utilities
0.2 6.6 Oil and Gas
0.1 3.4 Mining
0.5 29.4 General Manufacturing
0.4 / 1.6 Passenger Transport 0.21 0.03
0.7 19.6 Other 0.65 0.03
1.7 1.9 Business Services 0.07 / 0.42
0.2 / 0.1 Agriculture 0.04 / 0.24
0 2.3 Automotive 0.07 / 0
0.1 4.5 Retail 0.14 / 0.01
0.5 10.3 Telecoms 0.10 / 0.01
3.6 30.3 Financial Services 0.05 / 0
0.8 / 0.1 Education 0 / 0.02
2.8 / 0 Housing Association 0 / 0
Policyholder Shareholder Housing Association

Scope 3 emissions When it comes to Scope 3 emissions of the companies we invest
in, at this time we do not feel the data is robust enough or has
Scope 3 emissions include all other indirect GHG emissions (not wide enough coverage for us to be able to set targets using it. We
included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the reporting will continue to watch the developments in data quality and will
company. Scope 3 can be broken down into upstream emissions consider extending our portfolio targets to cover Scope 3 of our
that occur in the supply chain (for example, from production or underlying holdings when there is market consensus on the
extraction of purchased materials) and downstream emissions appropriateness of available data.
that occur as a consequence of using the organisation’s products
or services. Further details on our approach to Scope 3 emissions reporting
can be found within the our sustainability metrics basis of
reporting, available on our download centre .
2.00 0.20
2.00 0.04 Scope 3 financed emissions for oil, gas and mining sectors
1.61 0.01
2022 2021
2.18 0.06
Estimated total MtCOe Estimated total MtCOe
2 2
(Scope 3 emissions, (Scope 3 emissions,
Total AUM for investments where for investments where
£bn data is available) Data quality score data is available)
Policyholder
Oil and gas 6.6 24.4 3.1 23.5
Mining 3.4 8.4 3.4 12.2
Total 10.0 32.8 3.2 35.7
Shareholder
Oil and gas 0.2 0.6 3.1 0.6
Mining 0.1 0.3 3.0 0.4
Total 0.3 0.9 3.1 1.0
Scottish Widows total
Oil and gas 6.8 25.0 3.1 24.1
Mining 3.5 8.7 3.4 12.6
Scottish Widows Total 10.3 33.7 3.2 36.7
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 170
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 171]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 171]
1.1 | | 5.0
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 171]
2.00 | | 0.20
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 171]
0.2 | 6.6
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 171]
2.00 | 0.04
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 171]
0.1 | 3.4
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 171]
1.61 | 0.01
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 171]
| 2022 | | | 2021
----------------------------------------
| Total AUM £bn | Estimated total MtCOe 2 (Scope 3 emissions, for investments where data is available) | Data quality score | Estimated total MtCOe 2 (Scope 3 emissions, for investments where data is available)

[Table 9 — Page 171]
0.5 | 29.4
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 171]
2.18 | | 0.06
----------------------------------------

[Table 11 — Page 171]
0.4 / 1.6 |
----------------------------------------

[Table 12 — Page 171]
0.21 | 0.03
----------------------------------------

[Table 13 — Page 171]
0.7 | | 19.6
----------------------------------------

[Table 14 — Page 171]
0.65 | 0.03
----------------------------------------

[Table 15 — Page 171]
| | | | 23.5
----------------------------------------
| | | | 12.2
Total | 10.0 | 32.8 | 3.2 | 35.7

[Table 16 — Page 171]
0 | 2.3
----------------------------------------

[Table 17 — Page 171]
| | | | 0.6
----------------------------------------
| | | | 0.4
Total | 0.3 | 0.9 | 3.1 | 1.0

[Table 18 — Page 171]
0.1 | 4.5
----------------------------------------

[Table 19 — Page 171]
0.5 | 10.3
----------------------------------------

[Table 20 — Page 171]
3.6 | | 30.3
----------------------------------------

[Table 21 — Page 171]
| | | | 24.1
----------------------------------------
| | | | 12.6
Scottish Widows Total | 10.3 | 33.7 | 3.2 | 36.7

[Table 22 — Page 171]
0.8 / 0.1 |
----------------------------------------

[Table 23 — Page 171]
2.8 / 0 |
----------------------------------------

Scottish Widows continued
RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk description Risk appetite Key controls Time horizon
Physical and Transition Risk for We accept this risk, as we will seek to minimise physical and transition • Due diligence around the selection and oversight of our external fund managers,
Investments (across customer and risks from climate risk in line with the Group strategy. However, the including around ESG factors
shareholder assets) (inbound) overall position is dependent on the availability of assets and economic • Dedicated Fund investment leads are responsible for all aspects of oversight,
environment, and is therefore not fully within our own control including review of climate-related risks and ESG factors and related data
This risk reflects an aggregation of
supplied by external fund managers
Overview credit, market and conduct risks
• ‘ESG tool’ is completed as part of our Credit Risk Assessment process
relevant to the investment products
Within Scottish Widows Group, we recognise climate risk as a
principal risk within our Enterprise Risk Management Physical Risk Asset Portfolio We accept this risk, as we will provide General Insurance cover to • Weather modelling team of experts analyse trends in climate and weather
(inbound) properties that may be affected by the physical risks from climate risk patterns to inform models
Framework (ERMF) and have integrated climate as a ‘crossgiven our strategic aim to protect customers. The level of risk is • Sophisticated models have been developed to help inform underwriting
cutting’ risk across other relevant risks in our ERMF such as This risk reflects the underwriting managed through our underwriting procedure decisions
credit risk, insurance underwriting risk, market risk, conduct and insurance risks arising from
• Robust model governance process is in place around the creation and use of
risk, and legal and regulatory risk. climate risks those models
Within our risk management system (Risk and Control Self Risk of failing to support the We accept this risk, as we wish to support the net zero transition in line • External commitments framework in place to report performance of existing
Assessment (RCSA)), as well as mapping existing or new controls transition to net zero (outbound) with external expectations, Group strategy and economic environment. commitments
to our key regulatory obligations to identify, measure, manage However, it is appreciated that achievement of net zero transition is • Stewardship and Exclusions policies, and External Sector Statements are in
and report the impacts of climate change, we have grouped our This reflects strategic and reliant on many other parties and is therefore not fully within our own place to govern our investments and help how we influence the wider economy
reputational risk across our business control
key risks into six broad themes, which align to the Lloyds to move towards net zero
Banking Group’s definitions of ‘inbound and outbound’ risk
impacts (for definitions of inbound and outbound risk please see
'Greenwashing' risk across our We seek to avoid this risk. We have control over our external disclosures, • External commitments framework in place to govern new commitments
page 155 of the Group's annual report and accounts 2023 ). enterprise (outbound) marketing material and customer communications, so ensure that • Compliant communications checks are undertaken to ensure 'clear, fair and not
literature, activities and products do not mislead customers as to our misleading'
The materiality of these risks is assessed via continuous risk This reflects reputational, conduct green credentials • In Q1 2023, SWG launched a Green Claims Framework, under which First Line
management using the same impact likelihood matrix that is and regulatory risk across our Risk assess 'green claims' prior to publication, using this dedicated framework
enterprise
used for all of our risks, and will vary over time.
Disclosure and modelling risk We accept this risk, as we rely on models to make informed business • Annual disclosure process for ensuring production and governance of external
Our key risks, current residual risk ratings, and examples of
(outbound) decisions. We take a risk-based approach to reduce the risk reporting
relevant controls are as follows:
• Processes in place for ensuring data quality, coverage, and methodology for
climate-related data/metrics
• Model governance process in place for validation of models, including
This is a sample of the key risks faced climate-related models
by Scottish Widows Group and is not
exhaustive. It is intended to illustrate how
Regulatory compliance risks We accept this risk, as we would not willingly be non-compliant with • Horizon scanning and communication of new regulatory and/or legislative
(outbound) regulatory requirements, but this cannot always be avoided. We requirements is undertaken including ESG-related developments
we have further embedded climate-related therefore take appropriate measures to interpret and comply with all • Executives are accountable for regulatory compliance within their own business
relevant regulation and applicable laws and/or legal obligations areas, including ESG-related developments
risks into our framework. It continues to be
reviewed and will evolve over time.
Time horizons key
Short Medium Long
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 171
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 172]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 172]
Risk description | Risk appetite | Key controls | Time horizon
----------------------------------------
Physical and Transition Risk for Investments (across customer and shareholder assets) (inbound) This risk reflects an aggregation of credit, market and conduct risks relevant to the investment products | We accept this risk, as we will seek to minimise physical and transition risks from climate risk in line with the Group strategy. However, the overall position is dependent on the availability of assets and economic environment, and is therefore not fully within our own control | • Due diligence around the selection and oversight of our external fund managers, including around ESG factors • Dedicated Fund investment leads are responsible for all aspects of oversight, including review of climate-related risks and ESG factors and related data supplied by external fund managers • ‘ESG tool’ is completed as part of our Credit Risk Assessment process |
Physical Risk Asset Portfolio (inbound) This risk reflects the underwriting and insurance risks arising from climate risks | We accept this risk, as we will provide General Insurance cover to properties that may be affected by the physical risks from climate risk given our strategic aim to protect customers. The level of risk is managed through our underwriting procedure | • Weather modelling team of experts analyse trends in climate and weather patterns to inform models • Sophisticated models have been developed to help inform underwriting decisions • Robust model governance process is in place around the creation and use of those models |
Risk of failing to support the transition to net zero (outbound) This reflects strategic and reputational risk across our business | We accept this risk, as we wish to support the net zero transition in line with external expectations, Group strategy and economic environment. However, it is appreciated that achievement of net zero transition is reliant on many other parties and is therefore not fully within our own control | • External commitments framework in place to report performance of existing commitments • Stewardship and Exclusions policies, and External Sector Statements are in place to govern our investments and help how we influence the wider economy to move towards net zero |
'Greenwashing' risk across our enterprise (outbound) This reflects reputational, conduct and regulatory risk across our enterprise | We seek to avoid this risk. We have control over our external disclosures, marketing material and customer communications, so ensure that literature, activities and products do not mislead customers as to our green credentials | • External commitments framework in place to govern new commitments • Compliant communications checks are undertaken to ensure 'clear, fair and not misleading' • In Q1 2023, SWG launched a Green Claims Framework, under which First Line Risk assess 'green claims' prior to publication, using this dedicated framework |
Disclosure and modelling risk (outbound) | We accept this risk, as we rely on models to make informed business decisions. We take a risk-based approach to reduce the risk | • Annual disclosure process for ensuring production and governance of external reporting • Processes in place for ensuring data quality, coverage, and methodology for climate-related data/metrics • Model governance process in place for validation of models, including climate-related models |
Regulatory compliance risks (outbound) | We accept this risk, as we would not willingly be non-compliant with regulatory requirements, but this cannot always be avoided. We therefore take appropriate measures to interpret and comply with all relevant regulation and applicable laws and/or legal obligations | • Horizon scanning and communication of new regulatory and/or legislative requirements is undertaken including ESG-related developments • Executives are accountable for regulatory compliance within their own business areas, including ESG-related developments |

[Table 3 — Page 172]
This is a sample of the key risks faced by Scottish Widows Group and is not exhaustive. It is intended to illustrate how we have further embedded climate-related risks into our framework. It continues to be reviewed and will evolve over time.
----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued

Assessment of risks
Our risk management framework aims to help us identify,
measure, monitor, manage and report the financial risks related
to climate change with regular reporting to the Board to enable
timely decisions to be taken. Short-term risks and risks that have
already crystallised are logged then monitored and assessed.
This includes consideration of all risk drivers, including those
relating to climate change, to ensure both inherent and residual
risk ratings effectively reflect the exposure. As part of Lloyds
Banking Group, Scottish Widows Group approaches climate risk
management in a consistent way to our overall parent Group. We
comply with the Lloyds Banking Group Climate Risk Policy which
is set around eight ‘Principles’, and we have developed our own
Insurance Climate Risk Procedures to reflect Insurance-specific
practices and processes.
ESG tool
We continue to apply our own internal ESG tool at loan
origination and as part of the annual review process. The tool,
which focuses on both the inbound and outbound risks, assesses
exposure and management of climate and ESG risk issues. These
are overlaid with a transition risk assessment of the sector which
has been analytically derived using emissions data, to produce
scores reflective of the client’s climate impacts and exposure to
ESG risks. We also include specific ESG assessment and
commentary in all our credit risk assessments.
The ESG tool is owned within Group. Further details can be found
in the Risk management and scenario analysis section of this
report on pages 156 to 158.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 172
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 173]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
Embedding climate risk within our risk Insurance: Investment Stewardship Policy Lloyds Banking Group: Insurance Underwriting Risk Policy Risk appetite
Also introduced in 2020, this defines the stewardship and This policy requires that climate change is embedded in
management framework
engagement activity which we undertake in support of our underwriting risk management processes including: The Risk Appetite Framework has been extended to include
Existing policy framework Responsible Investment Framework and our commitments to: • Incorporating the effects of climate change in the specific Climate Risk Appetite Strategy, preferences and metrics.
As a cross-cutting risk, climate change impacts will emerge • Be responsible stewards of the assets we oversee demographic risk register The Board approved a Climate Risk Strategy Statement and
through our existing risks. We have a Lloyds Banking Group • Influence investee companies to engender positive change • Internal model development and improvement to incorporate statements expressing our preference to avoid risks arising from
Climate Risk Policy and Insurance Climate Risk Procedure which • Exercise strong governance over the asset managers we the impact of climate change on both a short and long-term climate risk:
capture the overarching requirements for risk management, partner with time horizon
governance, scenario analysis and disclosure of climate risks. In • Monitoring of reinsurer stability with respect to climate Climate risk is the risk that the Group experiences
addition to this overarching policy/procedure, internal policies It aims to protect and maximise the value of investments in the change events
losses and/or reputational damage, either from
where climate risk impacts might be expected have been long term, in line with our beneficiaries’ interests, through
reviewed and where relevant these have been updated, along encouraging investee companies to plan and evolve their Lloyds Banking Group: Product Procedures the impacts of climate change and the transition
with any related procedures and underlying processes. These activities responsibly, to deliver value through stable and The product review process requires that climate risk, in to net zero (‘inbound’) or as a result of the Group’s
include: sustainable returns. particular the associated conduct risk, is specifically considered response to tackling climate change (‘outbound’).
at all stages in the product lifecycle.
Insurance: Investment Exclusions Policy This policy was developed to meet the requirements of the FCA We have no appetite to fail to proactively manage
Introduced in 2020, this defines the rules for exclusions that will Policy Statement 19/13 (PS19/13) in relation to the Shareholders Lloyds Banking Group: Credit Risk Policy and Insurance Credit the risks and opportunities for our business as
be applied to our investments and aligns to Principle 2 of our Directive II (SRD II) (COBS 2.2B) and the FRC Stewardship Code. Framework Policy
a result of climate risk. We will take action to
Responsible Investment Framework, which forms part of the For our Loan Investment book, we adhere to the Lloyds Banking
Insurance Investment Policy: ‘To help us manage downside risk, Insurance: Investment Policy Group Credit Risk Policy which was updated in 2021 to support the Group and our customers transition
we will take a position on the companies we will not support and This policy also references the Responsible Investment incorporate reference to ESG risk, and the Insurance Credit to net zero and maintain our resilience against the
will implement exclusions throughout funds managed or Framework and that ESG factors should be considered as part of Framework Policy, which supplements the Lloyds Banking Group
risks relating to climate change.
mandated by us’. This policy, which works in tandem with the due diligence and assessment activity when selecting funds or Policy and sets out the Scottish Widows Group specific approach
Investment Stewardship Policy, defines our approach to public purchasing assets. to management of credit risk. As part of our credit risk
equities, bonds, and other corporate debt and is supplemented assessment, both at origination and at annual review, we include We have aligned our risk preferences to our key risks, set out in
by the Group External Sector Statements which apply to the Insurance: Reinsurance Policy a rating based on the output of the ‘ESG tool’, together with an the table on page 171. We have risk appetite metrics to help us
direct lending part of shareholder investments. We have key As part of the assessment of new reinsurance arrangements, assessment of the counterparty’s approach to ESG risk. Similar monitor and report on key climate-related exposures, progress
controls around communicating this policy to our investment reinsurers’ exposure to climate risk should be considered in their to our Insurance Investment Exclusions Policy, the Lloyds towards meeting key net zero commitments (for Investments),
managers. approach to managing forward-looking climate risk. Banking Group External Sector Statements (which can be found and to monitor the operation of key controls such as adherence
here under Group codes and policies) apply to our Loan to our External Commitments Framework.
Insurance: Stress Testing Procedures Investments book and set out our approach to key sectors where
Climate stress testing has been added as a regular requirement we have a direct lending relationship.
for medium and long-term strategic planning.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 173
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 174]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
NATURE
Thinking environmentally Work-to-date Following this training, Scottish Widows approached ZSL to Policy and industry advocacy
collaborate on developing a suitable methodology for mapping We continue to be an active voice on policy enhancement and the
Responsible investment is at the heart of our investment Nature-related risks and opportunities nature-related risk in the investment portfolio, namely through imperative for collaborative action to make a difference on the
approach at Scottish Widows – degradation of nature is a The Responsible Investment team at Scottish Widows has identification of high-risk sectors and sub-sectors. As a nascent climate and nature crises. In March 2023, we published an
systemic risk for our portfolios and our beneficiaries, but the recognised the importance of developing a working knowledge of and fluid area of risk management for the financial services advocacy paper entitled ‘Nature and Biodiversity: the pensions
prevention of degradation or protection of nature is also an the natural world through partnerships with external experts on sector, the expertise of ZSL on not only the natural world, but imperative’ . Taking readers through fundamental science, the
opportunity. As we reported last year, it is important for us as an nature. Accordingly, in early 2023, the team partnered with the also the use of appropriate methodologies and metrics, provides current state of the natural world, why it matters to pensions and
investor to develop a clear understanding of the potential impact Zoological Society of London (ZSL) to complete specialised a strong foundation for well-informed action. Work to develop other long-term investors, the risks posed and some of the ways
from nature on the risk/return profile of our investee companies, training focused on biodiversity in finance and issues across soft the methodology remains underway and updates will be made in those risks can be measured, we aimed to build awareness
for whom this systemic risk presents physical, transition and commodity value chains, with deep dives into palm oil, tropical due course. across the industry and beyond. Concluding the paper with a
litigation risks, which could impact investment value in the forestry, and natural rubber. Recognising the need to drive series of recommendations which highlighted opportunities for
short, medium, and long term. We continue to advance our awareness and embed capability throughout the whole business As noted, management of nature-related risks also represents both government and industry, we issued a rallying call for
understanding on how best to understand and manage nature- – not just responsible investment – the team supported this opportunities. In 2023, as part of a suite of new strategies, we much-needed action that would better enable our industry to
related risks emanating from portfolio exposure to dependency imperative by rolling out this training opportunity to colleagues worked with fund manager Schroders to launch a Global help halt and reverse the loss of nature by taking action across
on and impact to the environment, and particularly, how best to from various business lines, including risk, finance and audit. Environmental Solutions Fund. By targeting companies providing investment activities.
consider in the context of the climate/nature nexus. products and solutions – or delivering actions through their own
policies – that help tackle critical environmental issues, this An area of policy with particular importance is the mandating of
fund sees us taking steps towards driving major investment into economy-wide reporting aligned to the Taskforce on Naturebetter outcomes for the environment and our beneficiaries. The related Financial Disclosure framework. Launched in September
fund can invest in companies that are involved in advancing 2023, it provides a consistent approach for thinking through
alternative energy generation and supply, clean mobility, nature-related issues and disclosures. Following our call to the
transport and infrastructure sustainability, forestry, sustainable government to make the UK the first country to mandate the
agriculture, biodiversity preservation and pollution prevention. framework, we have been and continue to be actively engaged in
As strong advocates for change through our stewardship industry initiatives in support of a better understanding, future
programme, we recognise the imperative to support companies’ widespread adoption, and consistent application.
attempting to drive change – the fund also considers those which
are directing 20 per cent of capital expenditure to the adaptation Through our strategic engagement with industry and government
of their business and those exerting influence, through their initiatives, we remain committed to playing a role in the
policies and practices, over their supply chains or customers to prevention of further degradation and look forward to working
reduce emissions. within our industry on contributing to real-world outcomes
which are better for the environment, society and the economy.
We’ll continue to consider how we can best embrace nature as an
investment theme so that matters linked to biodiversity and
ecosystem loss such as deforestation, use of water, waste and
pollution, and sustainable food can be included in our
investment design.
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 174
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 175]

----------------------------------------


Scottish Widows continued
Stewardship
Last year we reported how we were looking ahead to further
advancing our focus on nature through our stewardship
programme, particularly through participation in relevant
collective engagement initiatives, which serve as a key
opportunity through which we will support the specific fights
against loss of biodiversity and ecosystems. In 2023 we
successfully applied to the United Nations Principles for
Responsible Investment collaborative stewardship initiative on
nature. Further information on this can be found in the
Partnerships, Initiatives and Collaborations section.
Our thematic stewardship and engagement programme now
includes the specific theme of biodiversity including but not
limited to issues such as deforestation, within the broader theme
of climate change and the environment. We view the elimination
of deforestation as key to a sustainable future and, accordingly,
it is one of our engagement priorities.
In our engagement with asset managers and relevant investee
companies, dialogue is now beginning to include broader
environmental characteristics and factors which affect ecological
limits. To support this focus, in 2022 we joined the FAIRR (Farm
Animal Investment Risk & Return) Initiative, which will be a key
mechanism for us to collaboratively engage on biodiversity – with
expertise in sustainable proteins, the initiative opens avenues to
collectively engage with the food and agriculture industry on
identified major pathways to address biodiversity loss.
Furthermore, we have advanced our approach to responsible
investment and stewardship through the implementation of
Voting Guidelines, which we use to monitor and, where
appropriate, challenge our key managers’ voting policies and
practices to influence and encourage them to make their own
in-house policies more progressive. Where relevant, our
guidelines adopt a stance that investee companies should
promote biodiversity, conservation, water quality, waste
management and nature-based solutions to allow nature and
people to flourish. These guidelines also set out our expectations
that companies have (or are actively working towards) adequate
policies and programmes on sustainable land and water use to
protect nature and address community concerns on land use.

Coming up next
Having contributed to the Global Canopy’s development of
guidance for ‘deforestation-free pension funds’, we
continue with our commenced adoption of appropriate
areas of this guidance, which will help us to further
identify and map key areas of deforestation risk within
our portfolio and allow us to report on our activity to
reduce the risk.
In our inaugural Green Pensions research carried out in
2022*, 72 per cent of respondents agreed it was important
to them that their employers invested their pension
savings sustainably. It is important that we continue our
ESG integration for our flagship pension default option
given what we know about our customers’ attitudes.
* 2022 Green pensions report .
Scottish Widows Sustainability Report 2023 175
Overview
Our
Group
strategy
How
we
deliver
Inclusive
Sustainable

[Table 1 — Page 176]

----------------------------------------


‘estimate’, ‘probability’, ‘goal’, ‘objective’, ‘deliver’, ‘endeavour’, regulatory or competition proceedings, investigations or complaints;
Forward-looking statements ‘prospects’, ‘optimistic’ and similar expressions or variations on failure to comply with anti-money laundering, counter terrorist
these expressions are intended to identify forward-looking financing, anti-bribery and sanctions regulations; failure to prevent
statements. These statements concern or may affect future or detect any illegal or improper activities; operational risks including
matters, including but not limited to: projections or expectations of risks as a result of the failure of third party suppliers; conduct risk;
the Group’s future financial position, including profit attributable to technological changes and risks to the security of IT and operational
shareholders, provisions, economic profit, dividends, capital infrastructure, systems, data and information resulting from
structure, portfolios, net interest margin, capital ratios, liquidity, increased threat of cyber and other attacks; technological failure;
risk-weighted assets (RWAs), expenditures or any other financial inadequate or failed internal or external processes or systems; risks
Disclaimer accounting principles, and historical data may not be an accurate items or ratios; litigation, regulatory and governmental relating to ESG matters, such as climate change (and achieving
The reader should be aware that this document, and the indicator of the future trajectory of climate change impacts. investigations; the Group’s future financial performance; the level climate change ambitions) and decarbonisation, including the
information contained within it, has been prepared on the following Moreover, measurement technologies and analytical and extent of future impairments and write-downs; the Group’s ESG Group’s ability along with the government and other stakeholders to
basis: (i) this document and its contents are not externally audited; methodologies are in constant development; there is a lack of targets and/or commitments; statements of plans, objectives or measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change
(ii) all material contained in this document is subject to change international coordination on data and methodology standards, goals of the Group or its management and other statements that effectively, and human rights issues; the impact of competitive
without notice; (iii) the material in this document does not and there exists future uncertainty, which includes (amongst are not historical fact and statements of assumptions underlying conditions; failure to attract, retain and develop high calibre talent;
constitute any investment, accounting, legal, regulatory or tax others) developing global and regional laws, regulations and such statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements the ability to achieve strategic objectives; the ability to derive cost
advice or an invitation or recommendation to enter into any policies and evolving classification frameworks and climate involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and savings and other benefits including, but without limitation, as a
transaction; (iv) estimates expressed in this document should be science knowledge and data. depend upon circumstances that will or may occur in the future. result of any acquisitions, disposals and other strategic transactions;
regarded as indicative, and for illustrative purposes only; and (v) There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with inability to capture accurately the expected value from acquisitions;
this document has been prepared using models, methodologies Where the Group has used the methodology and tools developed achieving future emissions targets and implementing net-zero assumptions and estimates that form the basis of the Group’s
and data which are subject to certain limitations (as explained in by a third party, the application of the methodology (or transition strategies and plans in a complex, interdependent, and financial statements; and potential changes in dividend policy. A
the “models, methodologies and data” section below). Expected consequences of its application) shall not be interpreted as continually evolving global landscape. The Group therefore number of these influences and factors are beyond the Group’s
and actual outcomes may differ from those set out in the conflicting with any legal or contractual obligations and such legal reserves the right to adjust, amend, or adapt its metrics and targets control. Please refer to the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed by
document (as explained in the “forward-looking statements” or contractual obligations shall take precedence over the in response to unforeseen circumstances or changes in external Lloyds Banking Group plc with the US Securities and Exchange
section below). application of the methodology. Where the Group has used factors and dependencies which impact the feasibility of achieving Commission (the SEC), which is available on the SEC’s website at
underlying data provided or sourced by a third party, the use of the the stated targets. www.sec.gov, for a discussion of certain factors and risks. Lloyds
Public information data shall not be interpreted as conflicting with any legal or Banking Group plc may also make or disclose written and/or oral
Some information appearing in this document may have been contractual obligations and such legal or contractual obligations Factors that could cause actual business, strategy, targets, plans forward-looking statements in other written materials and in oral
obtained from public and other sources and, it has not been shall take precedence over the use of the data. Further and/or results (including but not limited to the payment of statements made by the directors, officers or employees of Lloyds
independently verified by the Group and no representation or development of reporting or other standards could impact the dividends) to differ materially from forward-looking statements Banking Group plc to third parties, including financial analysts.
warranty is made by the Group as to its quality, completeness, metrics, data and targets contained in this document. From one include, but are not limited to: general economic and business Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the
accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of reporting period to another, direct comparisons of each statement conditions in the UK and internationally; acts of hostility or terrorism forward-looking statements contained in this document are made
such information. of information or data may not always be possible, and information and responses to those acts, or other such events; geopolitical as of today’s date, and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation
may be updated from time to time. unpredictability; the war between Russia and Ukraine; the conflicts or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any
Opinions and views of third parties in the Middle East; the tensions between China and Taiwan; political forward-looking statements contained in this document whether as
Any opinions or views of third parties expressed in this document No liability instability including as a result of any UK general election; market a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The
are those of the third parties identified, and not of the Group, its While reasonable care has been taken in preparing this document, related risks, trends and developments; changes in client and information, statements and opinions contained in this document do
affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents. By incorporating neither the Group nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, consumer behaviour and demand; exposure to counterparty risk; not constitute a public offer under any applicable law or an offer to
or referring to opinions and views of third parties, the Group is not, in employees or agents make any representation or warranty as to its the ability to access sufficient sources of capital, liquidity and sell any securities or financial instruments or any advice or
any way, endorsing or supporting such opinions or views. quality, accuracy or completeness, and they accept no funding when required; changes to the Group’s credit ratings; recommendation with respect to such securities or financial
responsibility or liability for the contents of this material, including fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, exchange rates, stock instruments.
Models, methodologies and data any errors of fact, omission or opinion expressed. markets and currencies; volatility in credit markets; volatility in the
The data contained in this document reflects best estimates at the price of the Group’s securities; tightening of monetary policy in
relevant time. The models, methodologies and data used in Forward-looking statements jurisdictions in which the Group operates; natural pandemic and Photo credits
information in this document, including in relation to the setting of This document contains certain forward-looking statements within other disasters; risks concerning borrower and counterparty credit Page 53: Liver Building – by Megan
the Group’s emissions targets, net-zero transition strategy, climate the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, quality; risks affecting insurance business and defined benefit Page 54: Family internet browsing – by Alexander Drummer
scenario analysis and transition plan, are subject to certain as amended, and section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as pension schemes; changes in laws, regulations, practices and Page 104: Engineering – by thisisengineering-raeng-fiVBH51FALYlimitations. These include (i) that they are subject to future risks and amended, with respect to the business, strategy, plans and/or accounting standards or taxation; changes to regulatory capital or unsplash.jpg
uncertainties which may change over time, (ii) for external data, or results of Lloyds Banking Group plc together with its subsidiaries liquidity requirements and similar contingencies; the policies and Page 109: B ales – by Colin Watts
methodologies and models developed by a third party, they could (the Group) and its current goals and expectations. Statements that actions of governmental or regulatory authorities or courts together Ploughing Field – by Luke Thornton
be subject to adjustment which is beyond the Group’s control; (iii) are not historical or current facts, including statements about the with any resulting impact on the future structure of the Group; risks Large tractor – by Spencer Scot-Pugh
the quality of data can vary, which may impact the outputs of Group’s or its directors’ and/or management’s beliefs and associated with the Group’s compliance with a wide range of laws Page 113: Solar panels – by Vivent
models and methodologies; (iv) in respect of climate-related expectations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as, and regulations; assessment related to resolution planning Page 121: Solar panel install – by Bill Mead
models, methodologies and data in particular, are not of the same without limitation, ‘believes’, ‘achieves’, ‘anticipates’, ‘estimates’, requirements; risks related to regulatory actions which may be Page 134: London Bus – by Jasper Garratt
standard as those available for other financial information, nor ‘expects’, ‘targets’, ‘should’, ‘intends’, ‘aims’, ‘projects’, ‘plans’, taken in the event of a bank or Group failure; exposure to legal, Page 135: London Taxi – by Tak-Kei Wong
subject to the same standards, benchmarks or standardised ‘potential’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘could’, ‘considered’, ‘likely’, ‘may’, ‘seek’, Page 138: Airplanes – by Tolu Olarewaju
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2023 176

Head office
25 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7HN
+44 (0)20 7626 1500
www.lloydsbankinggroup.com
Registered office
The Mound
Edinburgh EH1 1YZ
Registered in Scotland no. SC095000