2022 ESG REPORT

CONTENTS
ABOUT THIS REPORT 02 PRACTICES 59
Corporate Governance 60
CEO WELCOME 03
Code of Ethics & Workplace Culture 64
OUR JOURNEY 07
Purchasing Practices 65
About AEO & Our Brands 08
Data Privacy & Security 66
ESG Oversight 16
Material ESG Topics 18
APPENDIX 68
ESG Ratings of AEO 19
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index 69
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index 72
PLANET 20
Annual GHG Inventory Results 73
Goals 21
GHG Verification Statement 76
Water Leadership 24
Material Topics 77
Sustainable Raw Materials 27
Memberships & Associations 79
Real Good 28
Chemicals Management 31
Climate: Reducing Energy & Emissions 32
Climate: Waste Reduction 35
PEOPLE 36
Goals 37
Our Values & Our Culture 39
Inclusion, Diversity, Equity & Access (IDEA) 44
Creating Impact: Customer & Community Engagement 49
Human Rights 53
Factory Rating System 54

ABOUT THIS REPORT
The 2022 Building a Better World ESG Report highlights our
strategy, goals and progress made through our People, Planet and
Practices initiatives. Our key areas of focus are prioritized by what
matters most to our business and our stakeholders, including our
customers, associates, vendors, investors and regulators.
Performance reporting utilizes the Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard and aligns with two
internationally recognized frameworks: the Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB) Apparel, Accessories & Footwear Standard
and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).*
Additional information can be found at www.aeo-inc.com.
For questions regarding this report, contact us at
AEOBetterWorld@ae.com.
REPORT FAST FACTS
•Data primarily covers fiscal year (FY) 2022: the 52-week
period from January 30, 2022 to January 28, 2023 (“2022”),
unless otherwise stated.
•Scope of ESG data includes all of American Eagle
Outfitters, Inc.’s (AEO) operations and brands included in
the Fiscal 2022 financial statements, unless otherwise stated.
•GHG emissions data for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions
provided in this report has been verified by Ruby Canyon
Environmental, an accredited third-party GHG validation
and verification body.
*Specific framework indices can be found in the Appendix.

[Table 1 — Page 3]
| REPORT FAST FACTS
----------------------------------------

CEO WELCOME
“As we reflect on While we have more work to do, I am pleased by the recognition our
efforts have received to date, in particular MSCI’s upgrade of our ESG
the numerous
rating from “BBB” to “A.”
accomplishments
In working to preserve the planet, every design decision is being made
over the past year, we with sustainability in mind. In 2022, we expanded our environmental
targets after exceeding several goals, including reducing our water
continue to challenge
usage, ahead of schedule.
ourselves, set new
Our brands are making great strides in expanding products under
goals and prioritize our our Real Good label, which reflects high environmental standards
compared to conventional methods and integrates more sustainable
JAY SCHOTTENSTEIN
journey to build
Executive Chairman of the Board & raw materials. Today, nearly all AE jeans are made under the Real Good
Chief Executive Officer
label. We have reduced our water and energy usage, and incorporated
a better world.”
more recycled polyester and sustainably sourced cotton into our Aerie
and OFFL/NE merchandise.
I am proud to introduce our second annual “Building a Better World” We care deeply about people and keep them at the heart of every
report, furthering our commitment to greater transparency on our ESG decision. In 2022, we introduced Be Well@AEO—a holistic program
initiatives. Nearly five decades ago my father, Jerome Schottenstein, providing our associates with tools and resources to manage their
laid our foundation as an inclusive and welcoming retailer where mental and physical health, financial goals and more.
associates and customers feel empowered, respected and recognized.
Today, these principles remain the cornerstone of AEO’s culture and
KEY AREAS OF FOCUS
guide our portfolio of beloved and enduring brands.
Our strong set of principles is one of the many reasons why AEO is
consistently recognized for an authentic and rewarding culture. AEO
was recently applauded by Fortune for innovation and named as one
of the most trustworthy companies by Newsweek.
Planet People Practices
We have accomplished so much in the past year and continue to make (Environment) (Social) (Governance)
substantial progress across the three pillars of our ESG strategy: Protect our planet with Empower our people Operate our business
Planet (Environment), People (Social) and Practices (Governance). responsible choices, for through inclusion, diversity, with integrity and best
future generations equity and access while practices in everything
supporting our communities we do
Our 2021 inaugural report was incredibly useful for engaging with
associates, investors, external partners and rating agencies.

[Table 1 — Page 4]
| JAY SCHOTTENSTEIN Executive Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
----------------------------------------

This past year, together with our customers, we donated more than
$10 million to local nonprofits that are paving the way for mental health,
youth, women’s empowerment and education. Additionally, our associates
volunteered more than 14,000 hours with organizations that are important
to them.
Operating with effective practices and consistently upholding our
strong ethical standards remains a key priority. We have established
an independent and highly competent board structure to oversee our
company’s operations. The Board of Directors primarily focuses on
strategy, risk management, corporate social responsibility, corporate
governance and compliance. The risk oversight responsibilities of
our Board are supported by highly engaged cross-functional teams
that maintain our programs related to ethics and compliance, crisis
management, data privacy and security, and supply chain management,
among others.
As we continue to take action, we remain committed to enhancing
transparency and communication around our ESG initiatives. With this
This includes our recently enhanced Paid Parental Leave, new Paid report, we are introducing disclosures aligned with the Task Force
Caregiver Leave to help our people balance a full life outside of work and on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. This will
facilitating more than $200,000 to help repay associates’ student loan debt. complement ongoing disclosure in accordance with the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards, aligning our report with
Our $5 million commitment to AEO’s Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social
two industry-leading ESG disclosure frameworks.
Justice has progressed, with 30 new recipients receiving scholarships for
2022/2023, advancing their access to educational opportunities. To date, Looking ahead, I see no shortage of opportunities for our company. As we
we have awarded 45 scholarships to associates who share our passion reflect on our accomplishments detailed in this report, we are excited for
for creating a more equal and inclusive society. This investment in our what’s to come in our journey to build a better world. We will continue to
associates is more important than ever. challenge ourselves to deliver meaningful progress while furthering our
commitment to create a more sustainable and equitable future for our
Our charitable giving continues to have a tremendous impact on the
associates, customers, stakeholders and communities.
communities where we live and work. In 2022, we established the
Aerie Real Foundation—formalizing and expanding upon the brand’s
decades-long history of philanthropy. With the introduction of signature
and community-based grants, the Aerie Real Foundation strives to make
the world a more positive place.

OUR LEGACY
Jerome Schottenstein was the chairman of the
True success is defined by the impact we have Schottenstein Stores Corporation, a privately
held retail empire based in Columbus, Ohio.
on our communities and the foundation we build
The son of a Lithuanian immigrant, Jerome
for future generations.
successfully expanded the family business to
overhaul and revive numerous troubled retail
American Eagle Outfitters was founded in 1977 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
ventures. He preferred to be called a merchant
offering casual clothing and sportswear with a focus on the outdoors.
and was an influential entrepreneur with a deep
commitment to people and community. Jerome
Seeing great potential in an emerging brand, Jerome Schottenstein became
JEROME SCHOTTENSTEIN had a special affinity for supporting educational
an early investor in 1980, eventually purchasing the company outright in
(1926-1992)
opportunities for youth and left a lasting legacy
1990 with a strategic vision to fuel continued growth. The company went
on to launch its first private-label line for men and women, including the of positivity and inclusivity at AEO. He quietly supported numerous
introduction of the iconic American Eagle jeans collection, seeding the organizations including, the United Way, NAACP, Yeshiva University, the
powerful brand platform we know today. At the same time, a commitment U.S. Holocaust Museum, Ohio State University and the Columbus Torah
to social responsibility that would remain central to the company’s DNA Academy, among many others.
was cemented. Over the years, AEO’s growth has been anchored in being
an inclusive, diverse organization dedicated to delivering an exceptional
customer experience and quality products at affordable prices.
“Since our earliest days, my father
Today, Jerome’s legacy and Jay’s leadership continue to be the catalyst had a vision to be a retailer that
for the success of AEO and its portfolio of beloved brands.
was accessible and welcoming
to all. A place where associates
and customers alike felt not
just respected, but celebrated.
Nearly five decades later, these
principles remain central to our
values at AEO. We believe in
creating great products, caring
for our communities and building
relationships that last.”
JAY SCHOTTENSTEIN
Executive Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

[Table 1 — Page 6]
CONTENTS ABOUT THIS REPORT WELCOME OUR JOURNEY PLANET PEOPLE PRACTICES APPENDIX OUR LEGACY Jerome Schottenstein was the chairman of the True success is defined by the impact we have Schottenstein Stores Corporation, a privately held retail empire based in Columbus, Ohio. on our communities and the foundation we build The son of a Lithuanian immigrant, Jerome for future generations. successfully expanded the family business to overhaul and revive numerous troubled retail American Eagle Outfitters was founded in 1977 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, ventures. He preferred to be called a merchant offering casual clothing and sportswear with a focus on the outdoors. and was an influential entrepreneur with a deep commitment to people and community. Jerome Seeing great potential in an emerging brand, Jerome Schottenstein became JEROME SCHOTTENSTEIN had a special affinity for supporting educational an early investor in 1980, eventually purchasing the company outright in (1926-1992) opportunities for youth and left a lasting legacy 1990 with a strategic vision to fuel continued growth. The company went on to launch its first private-label line for men and women, including the of positivity and inclusivity at AEO. He quietly supported numerous introduction of the iconic American Eagle jeans collection, seeding the organizations including, the United Way, NAACP, Yeshiva University, the powerful brand platform we know today. At the same time, a commitment U.S. Holocaust Museum, Ohio State University and the Columbus Torah to social responsibility that would remain central to the company’s DNA Academy, among many others. was cemented. Over the years, AEO’s growth has been anchored in being an inclusive, diverse organization dedicated to delivering an exceptional customer experience and quality products at affordable prices. “Since our earliest days, my father Today, Jerome’s legacy and Jay’s leadership continue to be the catalyst had a vision to be a retailer that for the success of AEO and its portfolio of beloved brands. was accessible and welcoming to all. A place where associates and customers alike felt not just respected, but celebrated. Nearly five decades later, these principles remain central to our values at AEO. We believe in creating great products, caring for our communities and building relationships that last.” JAY SCHOTTENSTEIN Executive Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer 05 |
----------------------------------------
| Jerome Schottenstein was the chairman of the Schottenstein Stores Corporation, a privately held retail empire based in Columbus, Ohio. The son of a Lithuanian immigrant, Jerome successfully expanded the family business to overhaul and revive numerous troubled retail ventures. He preferred to be called a merchant and was an influential entrepreneur with a deep commitment to people and community. Jerome JEROME SCHOTTENSTEIN had a special affinity for supporting educational (1926-1992) opportunities for youth and left a lasting legacy of positivity and inclusivity at AEO. He quietly supported numerous organizations including, the United Way, NAACP, Yeshiva University, the U.S. Holocaust Museum, Ohio State University and the Columbus Torah Academy, among many others. “Since our earliest days, my father had a vision to be a retailer that was accessible and welcoming to all. A place where associates and customers alike felt not just respected, but celebrated. Nearly five decades later, these principles remain central to our values at AEO. We believe in creating great products, caring for our communities and building relationships that last.” JAY SCHOTTENSTEIN Executive Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer 05

BUILDING A BETTER WORLD: 2022 HIGHLIGHTS
~3x
4 billion
increase of corporate associate population
who identify as Black since 2018.
gallons of water saved through
better production practices by
jeans factories since 2017.
71%
of AE, Aerie and OFFL/NE product Over $10 million
collections are Real GoodTM.
contributed to causes to help build a
better world, in partnership with
64% our customers.
of total water used in denim
laundries was recycled.
49%
GOAL SURPASSED 45 associates
of executive leaders
awarded a scholarship as part of our
identify as women
$5 million commitment to AEO’s
Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice.
25%
14,000+ hours
of all polyester used in our 86%
production came from recycled of volunteer service in local
sources, equivalent to saving of the Board of Directors communities by associates.
174 million plastic bottles.
are independent.

[Table 1 — Page 7]
4 billion gallons of water saved through better production practices by jeans factories since 2017. | ~3x increase of corporate associate population who identify as Black since 2018. | Over $10 million contributed to causes to help build a better world, in partnership with our customers.
----------------------------------------
| 45 associates awarded a scholarship as part of our $5 million commitment to AEO’s Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice. |
71% of AE, Aerie and OFFL/NE product collections are Real GoodTM. | |
64% of total water used in denim laundries was recycled. GOAL SURPASSED | |
| | 49% of executive leaders identify as women
25% of all polyester used in our production came from recycled sources, equivalent to saving 174 million plastic bottles. | |
| | 14,000+ hours of volunteer service in local communities by associates.
| 86% of the Board of Directors are independent. |

[Table 2 — Page 7]

----------------------------------------
45 associates awarded a scholarship as part of our $5 million commitment to AEO’s Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice.

07 CONTENTS ABOUT THIS REPORT WELCOME OUR JOURNEY PLANET PEOPLE PRACTICES APPENDIX
OUR JOURNEY
Leading with purpose and growing in
a socially responsible and sustainable
way are central to our mission.

A COMPANY LED BY PURPOSE
At AEO, we offer a welcoming and engaging customer experience – and
AEO AT A GLANCE
we embrace all. Through our portfolio of unique, loved and enduring
brands we offer high-quality, on-trend apparel, intimates, activewear, Founded 1977 NYSE: AEO
accessories and personal care products for women and men. We are a
true omni-channel retailer with a global reach. Our brands are connected 40,000 $5 billion $1.7 billion
under the core tenet of being REAL, optimistic, empowering and a global associates in revenue in digital sales
celebration of individual self-expression. That power and authenticity
drives us to create a positive impact across every facet of our business, 1,450 global owned 80+ countries where our
brands and products. & licensed retail stores brands are sold
More than 10 years ago, we introduced AEO Better World—an initiative
grounded in social responsibility and giving back to our communities.
Across our brands, we support a number of important causes that are After establishing goals to reduce water usage and greenhouse emissions in
meaningful to our customers and associates. We operate with integrity 2021, we exceeded our water goals two years ahead of schedule and have
and a strong set of values, which are ingrained across our business and introduced new goals to strive for further progress. Our sustainable product
in how we treat our associates, business partners and customers. Over line, Real Good, continues to grow across brands, driving us to formalize our
the years, our focus has expanded to include strong commitments to strategies, set clear and measurable goals, and share our progress through
protect our planet. reporting that aligns with the industry’s most comprehensive frameworks.
NEW YORK DESIGN OFFICE
PITTSBURGH CORPORATE HQ
MAP KEY
CORPORATE OFFICES
DISTRIBUTION + FULFILLMENT CENTERS
STORES (50+)
STORES (1-50)
SOURCING COUNTRIES
SOURCING COUNTRIES + STORES

[Table 1 — Page 9]
AEO AT A GLANCE | | |
----------------------------------------
Founded 1977 | | NYSE: AEO |
40,000 global associates | $5 billion in revenue | | $1.7 billion in digital sales
1,450 global owned & licensed retail stores | | 80+ countries where our brands are sold |

AEO is consistently recognized as an industry
leader for strong values, innovative solutions
America’s Climate Leaders and for being an employer of choice.
America’s
World’s Best
Most Trustworthy
Employers
Companies
America’s Best Best Employers
Retailers for Diversity
World’s Top Customer
Female-Friendly Experience
Companies All-Stars
America’s
Next Big
Most Innovative
Things In Tech
Companies

Our brands are optimistic, inclusive and diverse, designed to inspire self-expression
and empower customers to celebrate their own unique personal style.

[Table 1 — Page 11]
|
----------------------------------------

Rooted in authenticity, powered by
positivity and inspired by our community.
AE is the go-to destination for casual style, embraced by
generations of youth since 1977. Our heritage is great American
essentials, where modern life meets timeless style through jeans,
bottoms, sweaters, fleece and tops, as well as accessories to
complete the perfect outfit. Our collections are comfortable with a
carefree vibe, exactly how our customers want to be. Laidback-styles.
Had it forever washes. Softer-than-soft fabrics. In a nutshell, we
make clothes that make you feel good and look good.
“The American Eagle brand stands for optimism
and individual self-expression. Inspiring
good and welcoming all have always been
fundamental to our mission and are the guiding
principles for how we care for our customers
and associates.”
JAY SCHOTTENSTEIN
Executive Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
We support causes that stand for 96% 5 billion
youth empowerment, voter participation, of all AE jeans gallons of water saved by sourcing cotton with
better farming practices through Better Cotton
mental health, education, inclusivity and
our planet.
2023 REPREVE® Champion of Sustainability Newcomer Award
for 25+ million plastic bottles transformed into new product

Power. Positivity. No retouching.
We are #AerieREAL.
Aerie is more than a brand. It’s a movement. Focused on all comfy
everything, Aerie offers the softest, most feel good collections of
intimates, cozy apparel, swim and activewear. With the #AerieReal
movement, we celebrate our community by advocating for body
positivity and the empowerment of women.
“Nearly 10 years ago we changed the industry
forever with the introduction of #AerieReal, a
movement celebrating real women, unretouched
beauty and body positivity. Empowering women,
building confidence and fostering inclusivity is
at the heart of inspiring our community to love
their real selves.”
JENNIFER FOYLE
President, Executive Creative Director - AE & Aerie
Inspired by Aerie’s core values with
We champion women’s health and wellness,
an added emphasis on wellness.
empowerment, inclusivity and sustainability.
OFFL/NE by Aerie is a brand extension of activewear and accessories
built for real movement and designed for real comfort. These are
78% 21 million
pieces that help you sweat it and forget it because leggings and
of Aerie apparel plastic bottles repurposed
sports bras should feel amazing every way that you chill, play or move.
into recycled polyester
Made with sustainable fabrics when we can—we believe good for the
planet is good for you.
Ranked #15 on Forbes’ list of Best Brands for
Social Impact

The Ultimate Menswear Destination.
Todd Snyder is a premium menswear brand informed by heritage,
yet updated for today, with an emphasis on versatility and comfort.
Collections offer timeless essentials, statement pieces, custom suiting,
and iconic accessories that define quintessential American style. From
bespoke tailoring to innovative capsule collections—good style can be
attainable and even playful. Todd Snyder stores can be found in
New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston, East Hampton,
Greenwich, Manhasset, Chicago, Miami and Washington, D.C., with
plans to open several additional metropolitan locations.
“Todd Snyder redefines how modern Americans
can present themselves to the world in stylish,
unexpected ways. Being stylish today is about
more than looking good; it’s about doing what’s
IDEA COMMITMENT
right. That’s why we choose to support causes that
promote acceptance and equality through direct, • Establishment of the Todd Snyder IDEA Council to ensure accurate
meaningful action.” and equitable creative representation and internal opportunities for
growth and development.
TODD SNYDER • 58% of Todd Snyder associates identify as persons of color.
Executive Vice President - Chief Brand Officer
$10,000 $22,000 $25,000
donation to the donation to donation to One Warm Coat
We champion causes that stand for inclusivity, Sylvia Rivera Law Project VISUAL AIDS and in-store coat drive
equitable access and education.
Created THE TODD SNYDER SCHOLARSHIP FUND at Iowa State
University for students majoring in apparel, merchandising and design

[Table 1 — Page 14]
|
----------------------------------------

Kind, Conscious and Free-Spirited.
Opting for carefully selected materials and practices that give back to
the world, Unsubscribed offers an assortment of pieces designed to
outlive seasons and feel effortless to wear. We don’t subscribe to styles
that confine or conform. We subscribe to compassion and caring for the
world, making two collections each year that are crafted upon kindness,
consciousness and a freedom of spirit. To us, consciously made,
slow fashion is a journey—not a destination. We take pride in recycled
fabrics, natural fibers, wise choices and lasting designs.
“Unsubscribed is inspired by the world and all
its beauty. We celebrate the clothes you love to
hold onto. Our collections of timeless pieces are
effortlessly chic, embracing responsible design
and the spirit of less is more.”
JENNIFER FOYLE
President, Executive Creative Director - AE & Aerie
Cozy basics like tees, sweatshirts and pullovers are made
in Los Angeles to support local workers.
All Unsubscribed swim fabrics feature either dope dyed or
recycled nylon to reduce their environmental impact.

OUR JOURNEY TO BUILD A BETTER WORLD: 20+ YEARS OF PROGRESS
1999 2014
AEO Foundation Began Social Janice Page joins Became a Better Banned First AEO Better #AerieREAL
established Compliance Audits Board of Directors Work Partner, joining sandblasting in World Community campaign launches
to support to assess factory as first female hands with the jeans production Day, with over the body positivity
charitable efforts working conditions member International Labor to ensure safe and 1,000 associates m ovement
and build better and ensure safe Organization (ILO) healthy working volunteering across
communities environments First Eagle of the and the International conditions communities Joined the Better
Finance Corporation
Year recipient is Cotton Initiative
Vendor Code named for leaving (IFC) to improve Greenhouse Gas Founding signatory and the Sustainable
of Conduct a lasting impact on working conditions Emissions goals of the Bangladesh Apparel Coalition
established to set the company in a and competitiveness established Accord on Fire and
in the global apparel
expectations for given year Building Safety AEO Academy
ethical and fair and footwear industry Whistleblower online learning
working conditions Policy published Established first and development
Lead Independent to support strong Wastewater portal launches to
Director appointed to governance Management further associate
support best in class principles Standard education
governance structure
2015 2023
IDEA Alliance Board of Directors Introduced Real Steven A. Davis Signed Aerie Real Deb Henretta
created to fuel expands scope to Good label for Scholarship for International Foundation completes the
inclusion, diversity formally include sustainable product Social Justice Accord for Health established Competent Boards
and a sense of ESG oversight collection launches with and Safety in to expand on Global ESG
belonging a $5 million the Textile and Aerie’s history Certificate and
Deb Henretta Appointed Chief commitment to Garment Industry of supporting Designation Program
Suja Chandrasekaran joins Board of Inclusion and advance educational causes that
joins Board of Directors as third Diversity Officer opportunities for ESG Steering promote women’s Joined the U.S.
Directors as second female member associates Committee empowerment, Cotton Trust
Steven Davis joins formalized
female member inclusivity and Protocol
Board of Directors as
Life@AEO internal sustainability
first Black member Annual charitable
Measurable planet communication AEO signs
giving surpassed
goals established app launched to International
Climate Policy $15 million
across water and further strengthen Accord expanding
published to
energy reduction, transparency and our commitment
demonstrate our Human Rights
sustainable materials engagement to safer & healthier
commitment to Policy published
and recycling working conditions
the planet

[Table 1 — Page 16]
2015 IDEA Alliance created to fuel inclusion, diversity and a sense of belonging Suja Chandrasekaran joins Board of Directors as second female member Measurable planet goals established across water and energy reduction, sustainable materials and recycling | Board of Directors expands scope to formally include ESG oversight Deb Henretta joins Board of Directors as third female member Life@AEO internal communication app launched to further strengthen transparency and engagement | Introduced Real Good label for sustainable product collection Appointed Chief Inclusion and Diversity Officer Steven Davis joins Board of Directors as first Black member Climate Policy published to demonstrate our commitment to the planet | Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice launches with a $5 million commitment to advance educational opportunities for associates | Signed International Accord for Health and Safety in the Textile and Garment Industry ESG Steering Committee formalized Annual charitable giving surpassed $15 million Human Rights Policy published | Aerie Real Foundation established to expand on Aerie’s history of supporting causes that promote women’s empowerment, inclusivity and sustainability | 2023 Deb Henretta completes the Competent Boards Global ESG Certificate and Designation Program Joined the U.S. Cotton Trust Protocol AEO signs International Accord expanding our commitment to safer & healthier working conditions
----------------------------------------

As we focus on growing our brands
ESG OVERSIGHT GOALS
and generating shareholder returns,
our corporate strategy and culture
are rooted in ESG initiatives.
Ongoing prioritization of ESG initiatives and considerations
across company strategy
“Building a Better World” guides us to improve our
performance through environmental initiatives to protect
our planet; social responsibility efforts to improve the Continued transparency and alignment with the most relevant
lives of people; and governance practices to operate and comprehensive reporting standards
ethically and with integrity. We are committed to greater
transparency, communication and standardized reporting
of our progress.
T
H.
B U
W
NOMINATING, GOVERNANCE AND CORPORATE I L
O
D
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE R I
G N
G
The work articulated in this ESG report
L
A A
represents a longstanding commitment
E
and important focus to AEO. Our R PROFITS B
Corporate ESG
WITH A E
Committee is structured to work Strategy . T Strategy
R PURPOSE
T
E
cross-functionally with management, E
W
R
bringing together critical expertise to O
W
P
collaboratively ensure our goals and O
L
A R
objectives are thoughtfully developed E D L
R
and communicated. We strive to
incorporate best practices and achieve
meaningful results.
BRANDS • OPERATIONS • PEOPLE • PLANET • PRACTICES

[Table 1 — Page 17]
ESG OVERSIGHT GOALS
----------------------------------------
Ongoing prioritization of ESG initiatives and considerations 1 across company strategy Continued transparency and alignment with the most relevant 2 and comprehensive reporting standards
H. T B U W I L O D R I G N G L A A E PROFITS B R Corporate ESG WITH A E Strategy . T Strategy R PURPOSE T E E W R O W P O L A R E D L R BRANDS • OPERATIONS • PEOPLE • PLANET • PRACTICES

ESG OVERSIGHT & COLLABORATION: Setting Best Practices
Over the past several
years we have formalized
our ESG program with increased
oversight and collaboration
across the organization.
As a company built on inclusivity, we know that
our real opportunity to build a better world is by
collaborating together to make a difference. We
work as a cross-functional team across multiple
levels of the organization to encourage diverse input
and multiple points of view on our Planet, People,
Practices initiatives. We have an established Board
and Committee oversight of these initiatives,
as well as an internal management-led
ESG Steering Committee.
MULTI-LEVEL FOCUS Three Board committees provide oversight of ESG activities and
measurement, each reporting quarterly to the full Board.
Board of Directors
Nominating, Governance and Audit Committee Compensation Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility
Monitors Privacy and Data Oversight of Human Capital
Executive Leadership Team Committee
Security, Anti-Corruption Management Disclosures,
Reviews Environmental Impact, and Bribery, Business Ethics Executive Compensation
ESG Steering Committee Culture/IDEA, Human Rights, and Integrity, Responsible and Employee Wellbeing
Charitable Giving, Board Innovation, ESG Measurement,
Structure and Governance Issues Controls and Reporting
ESG Working Groups and Public Policy

[Table 1 — Page 18]
MULTI-LEVEL FOCUS
----------------------------------------
Board of Directors
Executive Leadership Team
ESG Steering Committee
ESG Working Groups

[Table 2 — Page 18]
Three Board committees provide oversight of ESG activities and measurement, each reporting quarterly to the full Board. | |
----------------------------------------
Nominating, Governance and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Reviews Environmental Impact, Culture/IDEA, Human Rights, Charitable Giving, Board Structure and Governance Issues and Public Policy | Audit Committee Monitors Privacy and Data Security, Anti-Corruption and Bribery, Business Ethics and Integrity, Responsible Innovation, ESG Measurement, Controls and Reporting | Compensation Committee Oversight of Human Capital Management Disclosures, Executive Compensation and Employee Wellbeing

MATERIAL ESG TOPICS
PLANET PEOPLE PRACTICES
Climate Human Rights in the Board Governance
• Climate action Supply Chain • Board structure &
• Energy & emissions • Forced labor effectiveness
• Biodiversity • Labor conditions • Meaningful oversight of
• Gender equity strategy, risk management
Circularity • Biodiversity & ESG
Our ESG strategy is centered
• Circular economy • Continuing education
on driving progress across the
• Packaging
Human Capital Management
• Inclusion & diversity Responsible Business
topics that are most important • Waste reduction
• Health, safety & wellbeing • Ethical and transparent
to our associates, customers,
Resource Management • Fair wages business practices
partners and shareholders. • Sustainable materials • Employee engagement, • Privacy & data security
• Water stewardship development & recognition • Crisis & risk management
Our material ESG topics guide our
• Chemicals management • Policies & code of conduct
commitment to building a better world. A Community Impact
comprehensive materiality assessment and
• Community engagement Supply Chain Management
subsequent refresh was conducted in 2022,
• Charitable giving • Logistics
which included executive interviews, an
• Women’s empowerment • Responsible buying
associate survey, analysis of customer and
• Traceability
industry data, as well as feedback from the Consumer Trust
• Transparency
majority of our shareholders. We continue to • Product quality & safety
identify areas of importance within our ESG
• Consumption behavior
topics and ongoing engagement with key
• Body confidence
investors remains a priority as we drive our
initiatives forward.
A complete list of material topics and definitions can be found in the Appendix.

[Table 1 — Page 19]
PLANET | PEOPLE | PRACTICES
----------------------------------------
Climate • Climate action • Energy & emissions • Biodiversity Circularity • Circular economy • Packaging • Waste reduction Resource Management • Sustainable materials • Water stewardship • Chemicals management | Human Rights in the Supply Chain • Forced labor • Labor conditions • Gender equity • Biodiversity Human Capital Management • Inclusion & diversity • Health, safety & wellbeing • Fair wages • Employee engagement, development & recognition Community Impact • Community engagement • Charitable giving • Women’s empowerment Consumer Trust • Product quality & safety • Consumption behavior • Body confidence | Board Governance • Board structure & effectiveness • Meaningful oversight of strategy, risk management & ESG • Continuing education Responsible Business • Ethical and transparent business practices • Privacy & data security • Crisis & risk management • Policies & code of conduct Supply Chain Management • Logistics • Responsible buying • Traceability • Transparency

ESG RATINGS OF AEO
As the ESG landscape continues to evolve, we
remain committed to improving transparency
around our strategy and initiatives. We will
continue to provide comprehensive and relevant
data and disclosures to help our investors and
external stakeholders track our actions and
progress toward our goals.
RATING/ASSESSMENT INITIAL RATING AS CURRENT
SCALE CHANGE
OF 2021 RATING
PROVIDER
CDP1 Alpha (A to F) B B MAINTAINED
Alpha (A+ to D; A+ = Best)
ISS C/3 C/3 MAINTAINED
Numeric (1-10; 1 = Lowest Risk)
MSCI Alpha (AAA-CCC) BBB A IMPROVED
10/Top Third in 21/Top Third in
S&P CSA2 Numeric (0-100, 100 = Best) IMPROVED
Retail Sector Retail Sector
Sustainalytics3 Numeric (1-40+, 1 = Best) 13.3/Low-Risk 13.2/Low-Risk IMPROVED
1 In 2021, AEO received a rating of BBB (on a scale of AAA-CCC) in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment. In 2022, AEO received a rating of A (on a scale of AAA-CCC) in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment.
2 AEO scored 10 (out of 100) in the 2021 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA Score as of 12/16/2021). AEO scored 21 (out of 100) in the 2022 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA Score
as of 12/09/2022). As of 09/14/2023, our company performed in the top third in the Retailing Sector in the 2021 and 2022 S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment.
3 In May 2021, AEO received an ESG Risk Rating of 13.3 and was assessed by Morningstar Sustainalytics to be at low risk of experiencing material financial impacts from ESG factors. In May 2022, AEO received an ESG
Risk Rating of 13.2 and was assessed by Morningstar Sustainalytics to be at low risk of experiencing material financial impacts from ESG factors. In no event such rating shall be construed as investment advice or
expert opinion as defined by the applicable legislation.

[Table 1 — Page 20]
RATING/ASSESSMENT PROVIDER | SCALE | INITIAL RATING AS OF 2021 | CURRENT RATING | CHANGE
----------------------------------------
CDP1 | Alpha (A to F) | B | B | MAINTAINED
ISS | Alpha (A+ to D; A+ = Best) Numeric (1-10; 1 = Lowest Risk) | C/3 | C/3 | MAINTAINED
MSCI | Alpha (AAA-CCC) | BBB | A | IMPROVED
S&P CSA2 | Numeric (0-100, 100 = Best) | 10/Top Third in Retail Sector | 21/Top Third in Retail Sector | IMPROVED
Sustainalytics3 | Numeric (1-40+, 1 = Best) | 13.3/Low-Risk | 13.2/Low-Risk | IMPROVED

PLANET
Protecting our planet means taking
bold actions within our operations
and using our influence to help
drive meaningful change across
our industry.

BBUUIILLDDIINNGG AA BBEETTTTEERR PPLLAANNEETT -- GGOOAALLSS
FOCUS AREA GOAL ESTABLISHED STATUS PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
Reduce water use per jean by 30% by 2023 from a Reduced water usage per jean by 36% in
2017 baseline year EXCEEDED 2021, meeting goal two years early
Reduce water use per jean by 50% by 2025 from a Reduced water usage by 38% in 2022. Target
2022 NEW
2017 baseline year increased, after meeting our initial goal
Reached an overall recycling rate of 64% in
Recycle 50% of total water used in denim laundries by 2023 2019
EXCEEDED 2022, exceeding goal one year early
Recycle 70% of total water used in denim laundries by 2025 2022 NEW Target increased, after meeting our initial goal
WATER
Apply AEO Wastewater Management Standard to 100%
As of 2021, 100% of strategic water-intensive
of strategic water-intensive factories, mills and laundries 2019
ACHIEVED factories conduct wastewater testing annually
by 2023
Reduce water footprint by 30% by 2028 across own
operations and strategic factories and mills for all 2022 NEW Initial work underway
product types
AEO commits to securing renewable energy for 100% of
electrical power demand for owned and operated facilities 2019 ON TRACK AEO reached 23% renewable energy in 2022
by 2030
Reduce scope 1 & 2 emissions 80% by 2030 from a Emissions decreased 31% from our baseline
2019 ON TRACK
2018 base year in 2022
Reduce carbon emissions 40% by 2030 and 60% by 2040
in AEO’s manufacturing from a 2018 base year 2019 ON TRACK Emissions decreased 2% from 2021
CLIMATE
Committed to net-zero emissions by 2050
2022 NEW Initial work underway
Phase out coal-fired boilers in our supply chain by 2030;
2022 NEW Initial work underway
no new factories with coal-fired boilers after 2025

[Table 1 — Page 22]
FOCUS AREA | GOAL | ESTABLISHED | STATUS | PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
----------------------------------------
WATER | Reduce water use per jean by 30% by 2023 from a 2017 baseline year | 2019 | EXCEEDED | Reduced water usage per jean by 36% in 2021, meeting goal two years early
| Reduce water use per jean by 50% by 2025 from a 2017 baseline year | 2022 | NEW | Reduced water usage by 38% in 2022. Target increased, after meeting our initial goal
| Recycle 50% of total water used in denim laundries by 2023 | 2019 | EXCEEDED | Reached an overall recycling rate of 64% in 2022, exceeding goal one year early
| Recycle 70% of total water used in denim laundries by 2025 | 2022 | NEW | Target increased, after meeting our initial goal
| Apply AEO Wastewater Management Standard to 100% of strategic water-intensive factories, mills and laundries by 2023 | 2019 | ACHIEVED | As of 2021, 100% of strategic water-intensive factories conduct wastewater testing annually
| Reduce water footprint by 30% by 2028 across own operations and strategic factories and mills for all product types | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
CLIMATE | AEO commits to securing renewable energy for 100% of electrical power demand for owned and operated facilities by 2030 | 2019 | ON TRACK | AEO reached 23% renewable energy in 2022
| Reduce scope 1 & 2 emissions 80% by 2030 from a 2018 base year | 2019 | ON TRACK | Emissions decreased 31% from our baseline in 2022
| Reduce carbon emissions 40% by 2030 and 60% by 2040 in AEO’s manufacturing from a 2018 base year | 2019 | ON TRACK | Emissions decreased 2% from 2021
| Committed to net-zero emissions by 2050 | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
| Phase out coal-fired boilers in our supply chain by 2030; no new factories with coal-fired boilers after 2025 | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway

BUILDING A BETTER PLANET - GOALS
FOCUS AREA GOAL ESTABLISHED STATUS PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
Collect post-consumer apparel, diverting waste from
2019 ON TRACK Initial work underway
landfills with a goal to increase volume every year
All hangtags and product labels are sustainably
Convert all labels to sustainably sourced materials 2019
ACHIEVED sourced and will continue to be
Recycle 100% of pre-consumer apparel waste at factories
2022 NEW Initial work underway
by 2028
WASTE
REDUCTION
Keep unsellable garments (returns and QA issues, product
2022 NEW Initial work underway
safety issues) from landfills by 2028
Reduce virgin plastic by 50% and reduce total
2022 NEW Initial work underway
plastic footprint by 30% by 2028
Use sustainable sources for 75% of all fibers by 2028 2022 NEW Initial work underway
• 100% of cotton fiber 2019 ON TRACK 62% of cotton was sustainably sourced
• 100% of man-made cellulose fibers 2019 ON TRACK 90% of cellulosics was sustainably sourced
• 20% of all-natural fiber volume will come from
SUSTAINABLE 2022 NEW Initial work underway
recycled materials
MATERIALS
• 50% of nylon fiber 2022 NEW 25% of nylon was sustainably sourced
Goal was set at 50% in 2019 and updated in
• 100% of polyester fiber 2022 NEW
2022; 25% of polyester was sustainably sourced

[Table 1 — Page 23]
FOCUS AREA | GOAL | ESTABLISHED | STATUS | PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
----------------------------------------
WASTE REDUCTION | Collect post-consumer apparel, diverting waste from landfills with a goal to increase volume every year | 2019 | ON TRACK | Initial work underway
| Convert all labels to sustainably sourced materials | 2019 | ACHIEVED | All hangtags and product labels are sustainably sourced and will continue to be
| Recycle 100% of pre-consumer apparel waste at factories by 2028 | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
| Keep unsellable garments (returns and QA issues, product safety issues) from landfills by 2028 | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
| Reduce virgin plastic by 50% and reduce total plastic footprint by 30% by 2028 | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
SUSTAINABLE MATERIALS | Use sustainable sources for 75% of all fibers by 2028 | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
| • 100% of cotton fiber | 2019 | ON TRACK | 62% of cotton was sustainably sourced
| • 100% of man-made cellulose fibers | 2019 | ON TRACK | 90% of cellulosics was sustainably sourced
| • 20% of all-natural fiber volume will come from recycled materials | 2022 | NEW | Initial work underway
| • 50% of nylon fiber | 2022 | NEW | 25% of nylon was sustainably sourced
| • 100% of polyester fiber | 2022 | NEW | Goal was set at 50% in 2019 and updated in 2022; 25% of polyester was sustainably sourced

BUILDING A BETTER PLANET
In 2013, we introduced our first set of targets to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions within company owned For more than a decade, Michelle Tarry has led
operations, setting AEO on a path to build a more sustainability efforts at AEO, creating positive
sustainable business. Since then, we’ve made important action. She spearheaded the development of
progress on the goals we set for ourselves. In return, AEO’s corporate sustainability goals focused on
we have expanded the scope to include indirect water, energy and waste reduction and the use of
emissions from the inputs and manufacturing of our more sustainable raw materials. Michelle has been
products, as well as water stewardship. instrumental to the progress we are making to
meet and exceed a number of our planet goals.
We’re proud of the progress we’ve made; however, Her industry partnerships and thought leadership
we recognize that there is more work to do on our are also making a positive impact across the retail
sustainability journey. We’re confident that we will industry. She and her team oversee the relationships
continue to make strong progress toward our goals, with AEO’s factory partners, ensuring
working with our suppliers, customers and partners they meet all requirements for working standards and safety, while moving practices
to lessen the environmental footprint of our industry. forward to promote women’s equity and give workers a voice.
Michelle serves as a board member of the U.S. Cotton Board and participates in a
number of industry initiatives including the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, Textile
Exchange, Better Cotton, Better Work, United Nations Convention on Climate
Change, RE100, Science Based Targets Initiative, and International Accord for Health
and Safety in the Textile and Garment Industry. In 2022, Michelle was elected as the
U.S. Buyer Representative for the Better Work Advisory Council.
“It’s been incredibly gratifying that AEO prioritizes meaningful
change across the industry and is passionate about building a better
planet. I love that our products make you feel good, and that we are
furthering the ways in which our production has the least amount of
impact on the environment. I’m proud of the team and our ongoing
efforts to develop practices that are positively influencing the people
and communities where our products are made.”
MICHELLE TARRY
Vice President - Responsible Sourcing & Sustainability

CONTINUING OUR WATER LEADERSHIP
In 2022, we surpassed several of our initial water
reduction and recycling goals, allowing us to set
more ambitious targets.
Water is a precious global resource and we are on a
continuous journey to reduce the amount of water used
to create our products. The manufacturing of jeans is a
water-intensive process and we are committed to improving
efficiency and ensuring our factory partners are equally as
dedicated to water conservation.
2022 PROGRESS
• Reduced freshwater intensity by 38% since 2017.
• Recycled 64% of water in denim laundries in
2022, exceeding our goal of 50% recycled water
by 2023.
WATER LEADERSHIP PROGRAM
5-YEAR WATER RECYCLING RATE PROGRESS
AEO has made strong commitments to reduce the amount of water used to
make our jeans, and we have worked tirelessly over the past years to implement
14% 25% 27% 45% 64%
new practices together with our suppliers. Key to this has been our Water
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Leadership Program (WLP), which focuses on water reduction management,
proper wastewater and chemical management and water recycling.
• 100% of eligible jean laundries now recycle water
back into production. This unique approach goes beyond our own company into the supply chain
to effect change. While we set a long-term goal in line with our corporate
4 billion gallons of water saved by jeans factories
• sustainability goal, we also set clear, incremental targets for our suppliers for
in total since 2017.
each year of the program. Our intention was to improve water use across our
• 13 gallons of water reduced per AE jean, on suppliers and change the industry, one step at a time.
average compared to 2017. Our WLP is the basis for our Real Good qualifications for jeans and woven
bottoms. All jeans and garment-dyed woven bottoms made in factories and
• 9 million gallons of water recycled at laundries
mills that meet our standards, and that are made using a majority of preferred
in 2022.
fibers, qualify as Real Good.

[Table 1 — Page 25]
| 2022 PROGRESS
----------------------------------------

CONTENTS ABOUT THIS REPORT WELCOME OUR JOURNEY PEOPLE PRACTICES APPENDIX
The Water Leadership Program is driving real impact in AEO’s
supplier base. Since the launch of the WLP in 2017, AEO has worked
with the World Easy factory in China. With a clear roadmap and
protocol to follow, World Easy identified areas to focus on and an
investment plan was developed to elevate factory practices to reach
WLP requirements. The factory has invested $1.5 million to upgrade
their wastewater treatment system, convert to a natural gas boiler,
modernize laundry machinery, and incorporate green chemistry.
World Easy is now aligned with the highest requirements of WLP.
The Production and Sourcing team began an annual campaign with The Water Project in
2017 to bring water to those in need. Since then, we have funded a total of 17 separate
projects in Sub-Saharan Africa. With the funds raised, we have sponsored well-drilling
and rainwater catchment systems that provide clean drinking water to communities in
need, greatly improving the lives of many women and children.
The 2022 campaign raised over $58,000 which will be used to construct wells to provide
drinking water to 20 villages in rural Pakistan.
SRETIL
PLANET
FACTORY SPOTLIGHT: WORLD EASY
WATER USED PER ONE PAIR OF AE JEANS BY WORLD EASY
27L
22L
STRIVING TO
USE 14L OF
15L 15L
WATER PER
GARMENT
2020 2021 2022 2023
EXPANDING COMMUNITY WATER ACCESS
“What began as a small idea to support
those in need of clean drinking water
has become an annual giving campaign
for AEO associates and for our vendor
partners. It has been an eye-opening
experience to understand the difficulties
some communities have accessing water
and to realize the profound, life-changing
impact we make together with every
project we sponsor.”
SINDI RUSIECKI
Vice President – Production, American Eagle

[Table 1 — Page 26]
| FACTORY SPOTLIGHT: WORLD EASY
----------------------------------------

OUR JEANS STORY
Jeans are a staple in closets across the world, but do you know what it takes to create
the pair of jeans? From fields of cotton to mills and laundries, all of our jeans are made
with incredible care.
RAW MATERIALS
Cotton, the material that becomes denim, has countless benefits in a pair of jeans.
Not only does cotton make them breathable and durable, it helps to create the
iconic look we love. Our jeans start with sustainably sourced cotton or recycled
cotton from jean scraps, saving water from the start.
MILLS
Once cotton is sourced for a pair of jeans, it’s sent to mills to make yarns, and then
fabrics for dying and processing. AEO ensures that cotton for our jeans is dyed
using less water-intensive and lower-carbon methods.
WASH
Our washing team continues to engage in collaborative efforts with our factory
and supply chain partners to modernize their machinery and digitize their
operations to help reduce processing time and enhance efficiencies. We use smart
foam for desizing, bleaching, softening and other washing processes, which can
save more than 80% of water consumption.
LAUNDRIES
Before jeans can be sold, they must be laundered—this process is similar to at-home
washing, but on a much larger scale. From 2017 to 2022, freshwater intensity Ellen MacArthur Foundation Jeans Redesign Project
decreased by 44% at our denim laundries, and 100% of eligible laundries are Since launching AE x The Jeans Redesign Collection in
recycling water back into production. 2021, we’ve created 100,000 pairs of jeans with 94%
organic cotton, 6% recycled cotton, limited and easily
TRIMS
removable trim and specialized washes and treatments.
Trims are some of the most important parts of our jeans. Without them we wouldn’t
This collection was designed using some of the industry’s
be able to button or zip up our pants. Our jeans are fitted with trims made from
most progressive guidelines based on the principles
recycled fabric, thread, poly and low-impact hardware.
of a circular economy, created by the Ellen MacArthur
END OF LIFE Foundation and over 80 industry experts. The collection
Long after we’ve created our jeans, they reach the end of their wearable lives. places a strong emphasis on durability, recyclability,
Since we first partnered with Cotton’s Blue Jeans Go Green, nearly 600,000 pairs material health and traceability.
of well-loved jeans have been recycled into new pairs.

INCREASING SUSTAINABLE RAW MATERIALS
We are working to increase the use of sustainable raw materials in our
products while striving to eliminate materials sourced from endangered RECYCLED SYNTHETICS
forests. Cotton, polyester, nylon and man-made cellulosic fibers
Recycled options replace the use of conventional fibers like nylon and
(MMCFs) make up 89% by weight of the materials used in our products,
polyester. AEO’s goal is to increase the use of recycled content in our
with cotton alone representing 61% of our total materials usage.
assortment to prevent valuable materials from entering landfill.
To guide our process, we reference the Textile Exchange Preferred
Fiber and Material Matrix when determining our preferred fibers and AEO uses the following programs for recycled synthetic fibers:
criteria to meet the requirements for our Real Good designation.
Unifi’s REPREVE fiber is made using recycled bottles. A tracer is added to
the fiber to allow for testing and verification.
For American Eagle’s use of REPREVE fibers in 2022 (25+ million plastic
bottles), Unifi awarded the company with the Champions of Sustainability
Newcomer Award.
The Recycled Claim Standard (RCS) is an international standard, which sets
requirements to track recycled raw materials through the supply chain by
using a chain of custody requirements of the Content Claim Standard (CCS).
The Global Recycle Standard (GRS) is an international, voluntary, full
product standard that sets requirements for third-party certification of
recycled content, chain of custody, social and environmental practices
and chemical restrictions.
We work with the First Mile initiative to use recycled polyester made from
responsibly collected bottles from Taiwan. This program supports income
generation for people around the world and keeps plastic waste out of
landfills and oceans. Verification for First Mile’s supply chain is done through
the GRS process. Through this initiative, Aerie recycled 8.8 million plastic
bottles into products in 2022.

EXPANDING REAL GOOD
HOW REAL GOOD SHOWS UP IN OUR PRODUCTS
Aerie Real Chill Bra
Launched in spring 2022, the Aerie Real Chill bra was
the first Real Good cotton bra. It features recycled
components like hook-and-eye closure and elastic
straps made from recycled materials. The purchase of
this bra also supports the Better Cotton Initiative, which
promotes more sustainable cotton farming practices.
OFFL/NE Hugger Fabrication
The “Real Good” badge was developed in 2020 to identify AE Relaunched in 2022, OFFL/NE’s hugger collection
and Aerie products made with less environmental impact than now meets Real Good standards. We use polyester
conventional methods. AEO has developed the Real Good program active fabric, made with First Mile’s recycled yarns.
as a label that covers a broad range of sustainability efforts used in
the production of fibers, fabrics and finished goods.
To qualify as Real Good, a product must be made with majority
sustainable fibers. We reference the Textile Exchange’s Preferred
Fiber Materials & Materials Matrix (PFMM). Additionally,
American Eagle’s Real Good jeans are manufactured in factories AE Heritage Fleece
and fabric mills that meet our expectations for AEO’s Water
Introduced in 2022, AE’s Heritage Fleece is an
Leadership Program (more information on page 25).
improved, heavier-weight fabric used across
women’s tops and bottoms. Heritage Fleece
We aim to continually raise the bar for garments labeled with our products are created using Better Cotton sourced
Real Good tag. From regular evaluation of our materials to supply cotton, providing a super-soft handfeel and a
chain improvements, our commitment to sustainable materials is brushed back for extra coziness.
driving real results for the planet. We are also proud of the increased
number of Real Good products across our brands and collections.

[Table 1 — Page 29]
HOW REAL GOOD SHOWS UP IN OUR PRODUCTS
----------------------------------------
Aerie Real Chill Bra Launched in spring 2022, the Aerie Real Chill bra was the first Real Good cotton bra. It features recycled components like hook-and-eye closure and elastic straps made from recycled materials. The purchase of this bra also supports the Better Cotton Initiative, which promotes more sustainable cotton farming practices.
OFFL/NE Hugger Fabrication Relaunched in 2022, OFFL/NE’s hugger collection now meets Real Good standards. We use polyester active fabric, made with First Mile’s recycled yarns.
AE Heritage Fleece Introduced in 2022, AE’s Heritage Fleece is an improved, heavier-weight fabric used across women’s tops and bottoms. Heritage Fleece products are created using Better Cotton sourced cotton, providing a super-soft handfeel and a brushed back for extra coziness.

BREAKDOWN BY MATERIAL
Closed Loop MMCF
PROGRESS IN THE USE OF MORE SUSTAINABLE RAW MATERIALS
Closed-loop MMCF production refers to a
manufacturing process for cellulosic fibers, such as
90% rayon, viscose, modal, or lyocell, where the
chemicals used in the production are captured,
78%
62% recycled and reused. This approach aims to mini58%
mize the environmental impact of producing these
fibers by reducing the consumption of chemicals
37%
and water, as well as mitigating pollution.
25% 25%
16%
15%
14%
11% The closed-loop approach aligns with AEO Real
7%
4% Good criteria by promoting resource efficiency,
3%
1%
reducing chemical pollution, and minimizing the
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 overall environmental footprint of the fiber
manufacturing process.
Nylon Polyester Cotton Man-Made Cellulosic Fibers AEO’s Real Good Program aligns with the CanopyStyle initiative by including MMCF which are both
traceable and from a Closed-looped Green
Man-made cellulosics
Shirt rated man-made cellulosic fibers, offering
customers more sustainable choices in their
fashion options.
The world’s Ancient and Endangered Forests are
Polyester
irreplaceable. We work with the CanopyStyle
In 2022, 25% of all polyester used in our
initiative to eliminate the use of these fiber
production was recycled. This is the equivalent
sources from our clothing - expanding our
to saving 174 million plastic bottles.
innovative solutions for viscose and rayon.
including the commitment to eliminate the use
The CanopyStyle initiative’s Green Shirt ratings of Ancient and Endangered Forests in viscose and
serve as an assessment tool for the fashion other cellulosic fabrics. The criteria additionally
Animal Welfare
industry’s man-made cellulosic fiber sourcing focus on innovation of new alternative fibers to
practices. The key criteria emphasizes traceability reduce impacts of chemical use and improve At AEO, we respect the lives of animals.
and transparency specifically on forest impacts, wastewater requirements. See our Animal Welfare Policy to learn more.

[Table 1 — Page 30]
PROGRESS IN THE USE OF MORE SUSTAINABLE RAW MATERIALS
----------------------------------------
90% 78% 62% 58% 37% 25% 25% 16% 15% 14% 11% 7% 4% 3% 1% 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Nylon Polyester Cotton Man-Made Cellulosic Fibers

[Table 2 — Page 30]
| | |
----------------------------------------
| | |
| | |

[Table 3 — Page 30]
| | |
----------------------------------------
| | |
| | |
| | |

[Table 4 — Page 30]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 5 — Page 30]
|
----------------------------------------
|

BREAKDOWN BY MATERIAL
Cotton Recycled Cotton
Recycled cotton is the repurposing of post-industrial or
post-consumer cotton waste, such as discarded
garments or fabric scraps, into new textile products,
helping to promote circularity in the fashion industry
Since 2014, we’ve partnered with Better Cotton to and conserve resources.
support more sustainable cotton farming practices,
working toward a more climate-resistant and Recycled cotton undergoes a series of sorting, cleaning
responsible industry. Through its implementing and processing steps to remove impurities and
partners, Better Cotton trains farmers to use holistic transform it into usable fiber. For recycled products to
approaches, which promote better growing processes be labeled as Real Good, manufacturers must be
through careful use of water, chemical fertilizers and compliant with the third-party programs GRS or RCS.
pesticides. Better Cotton relies on a mass balance
system, which means that Better Cotton and Organic Cotton
conventional cotton may be combined during the Organic cotton restricts the use of synthetic chemicals
supply chain after the cotton is sent to a yarn spinner. and genetically modified seeds while promoting natural
As such, Better Cotton cannot be phsycially traced to ways to control pesticides. For an organic product to be
end products; however, Better Cotton Farmers benefit labeled as Real Good, manufacturers must be compliThe U.S. Cotton Trust Protocol
from the demand for Better Cotton in equivalent ant with the third-party programs: The Organic Content
(Trust Protocol) is a sustainability
volumes to those they “source”. Standard (OCS) or the Global Organic Textile Standard
program for U.S. cotton that
(GOTS).
provides a data-driven and verified
• We set a goal for 100% sustainable cotton by approach to measuring sustainability
OCS audits each step of the supply chain from farm to
2023 and in 2022, increased our total to 62% of performance in addition to
final product to verify the presence and amount of
total cotton, up from 15% in 2019. article-level supply chain
organic material. GOTS was developed by leading
transparency. It aims to improve
standard setters to define world-wide recognized
• This means, in 2022, an estimated 5.5 billion
the environmental, social and
requirements for organic textiles to provide a credible
gallons of water were saved and an estimated
economic sustainability of U.S.
assurance to consumers.
29,333 lbs of pesticides were avoided thanks to
cotton production.
our sourcing of Better Cotton.
AEO signed on as a member of
the Trust Protocol in 2022, and we
are excited to begin to scale this
program across our cotton products.

OUR APPROACH TO CHEMICAL MANAGEMENT
AEO is committed to reducing the use and impact of
harmful substances in our global supply chain. We
maintain a Product Restricted Substance List (RSL), which
is a dynamic document that is updated semi-annually
informed by changes in global legislation and corporate
requirements. Our Corporate Vendor Manual requires
suppliers to comply with, and abide by, our RSL, and we
validate compliance with regular audits. We work closely
with a third-party accredited lab for expert regulatory
advice and updates. We also monitor high-risk chemicals
of concern in the industry with a third-party accredited
lab, industry groups such as AAFA, AFIRM Group and
RILA, and monitor Prop 65 notices in California.
In early 2022, we made the decision to ban the use
of Poly- and Perfluorinated Alkyl Substances (PFAS),
a chemical that creates a waterproof coating on
apparel, in our products. PFAS was added to our
RSL as a “prohibited” substance, and we have committed
that there is no PFAS intentionally added to any
AEO products.
We reference the Zero Discharge of Hazardous
Chemicals (ZDHC) Manufacturing Restricted Substance
List (MRSL) to guide manufacturers on acceptable
chemicals. In 2022, AEO denim laundries and denim
fabric mills used at least 90% and 70%, respectively,
of their chemical formulations with MRSL compliance
certificates in the production process. We plan to keep
increasing the certificate rate of chemicals used by our
suppliers in the future.

CLIMATE: REDUCING ENERGY & EMISSIONS
Energy efficiency and renewable energy are central components in
AEO’s journey to reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and
reach our climate goals. We have followed the GHG Protocol and
Reporting Standard for calculating our emissions and the Science
Based Target Initiative guidelines for setting targets. AEO is working
to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 80% by 2030,
and reduce scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods, services
and capital goods by 40% by 2030 and 60% by 2040.
As we make progress toward our ambitious goals, we are setting our
sights on net-zero emissions no later than 2050. To help us get there,
we are proud to share that we have joined the RE100 initiative and
set a goal to source 100% of our electricity from renewable sources
for our owned and operated facilities.
AEO understands that climate risks are impacting our business,
and that our operations have an impact on the environment.
The TCFD framework helps our stakeholders understand these
risks and ensure we are mitigating as best we can. You can find
our TCFD index located in the Appendix of the report.
In 2022, AEO received a B score from CDP in the climate category.
Companies are scored on an A to F scale across environmental
topics and risks, and ways companies are taking actions and
implementing policies and strategies to address these issues.

OUR EMISSIONS REDUCTION PROGRESS
SCOPE 1 & 2 SCOPE 3
• It’s going to take continued, hard work to reach our Scope 1 and We recognize that indirect emissions, Scope 3, represent a majority of our
2 emissions goals. On our journey to 100% renewable energy GHG footprint. Of these, we elected to focus on our manufacturing supply
in our operations, we continue to source renewable energy for chain, Category 1—Purchased Goods and Services (PG&S) and Category 2—
our offices, distribution centers and stores in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Capital Goods (which make up 85% of our scope 3 emissions) for our SBTI
New York, Texas, Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts, Maryland verified goal. PG&S includes emissions from the production of raw materials,
and New Jersey, covering 23% of our operation in 2022. This is manufacturing of our product, and corporate spend on goods and services.
down from 25% in 2021, driven by store growth and the addition
Overall, PG&S emissions did increase; however, this was led by an increase in
of Quiet Platforms, a new fullfillment and logistics subsidiary of
capital investments and not product or manufacturing emissions.
national delivery services. We are focused on driving continued
further improvement in our emissions outputs in the coming years. • Product manufacturing emissions decreased 9,000 MTCO e (0.8%)
in 2022.
• In 2022, we saw a 10% decrease in the average energy intensity
• Overall material emissions decreased 3% due to the increase in
per square footage across our facility types.
adoption of sustainable materials (recycled polyester and recycled nylon).
Additionally, in 2022 we completed upgrades to our Energy While we do not have direct control over our vendors and service providers,
Management System (EMS) in 258 stores to ensure lights and we recognize the importance of reducing our impact and will continue to look
heating and cooling systems are off when stores are empty. for ways to work with our supply chain.
The Ottawa distribution center and all new retail stores have
transitioned to LED lighting, which now covers 99% of total lighting While not part of our SBTi goal, we continue to measure and carefully
used in stores, helping to minimize energy. review emissions from Category 4—Upstream Transportation (from factory
to distribution center) and Distribution, and Category 9—Downstream
Transportation and Distribution (from distribution center to retail or customer).
• Due to the acquisition of Quiet Platforms, we saw a reduction in miles driven
What’s next for 2023
from distribution centers to final destinations, which helped reduce downstream
There’s still more to do to reach our GHG targets and in 2023,
transportation 6%.
we’re continuing our conversion to green energy suppliers
where feasible. We’re also exploring investments into Virtual • Overall in 2022, we saw a 60% decline in transportation emissions, well below
Purchasing Power Agreements and engaging with mall landlords baseline levels.
and shipping companies about opportunities for improvement
across our stores and logistics. • Upstream transportation emissions decreased 61% due to 1) the decrease in air
travel from vendor to transloader, and 2) a decrease in average distance from
vendor to transloader due to the addition of U.S.-based transloader facilities.

CLIMATE: PARTNERSHIPS & PROGRAMS
AEO Carbon Leadership Program
In 2021, AEO launched our Carbon Leadership Program (CLP) for
strategic factories that represent approximately 80% of our procurement
Since 2021, we have partnered with Apparel Impact Institute (Aii) to
volume to encourage suppliers to develop their own GHG inventory,
implement factory improvement programs, including Carbon Tech
commit to reduction targets, and develop long-term climate-mitigation
Assessment consultations, to identify opportunities for energy. In 2022,
plans. Strategic suppliers are required to develop carbon inventory for
we nominated an additional 60 factories and mills to join the program.
Scope 1 and 2 and demonstrate that they have set energy and carbon
On average, the facilities have around 20% carbon reduction opportunities
reduction targets and implementation plans via the Higg FEM platform.
by 2023.
By 2023, we are expecting our suppliers to set a 40% carbon reduction
Additionally, we nominated our suppliers to join Aii Carbon Leadership
target by 2030, using 2018 as baseline year.
Project to conduct a more in-depth onsite and offsite assessment by
engineering experts in the industry and helping suppliers set carbon
reduction targets with a detailed action plan. In 2022, we have sent three
laundries and mills to join the Project and will continue to nominate
suppliers to join this Project.
Strategic suppliers are also required to complete the Climate
Action Training, which is designed to help brands and
manufacturers to meet the goals of the UN Fashion Industry
Charter for Climate Action. As an introductory training, it aims
to get suppliers started in achieving science-based reduction
targets by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050. The training
is developed by a collaboration of brands (including AEO),
manufacturers, UNFCCC and GIZ.
Coal Phase-Out
Acknowledging the impact of coal use on the environment and our
emissions, we have committed not to accept any new factories into the
AEO supply chain who use coal-fired boilers after 2025. We are working
with our existing factory base to phase out coal-fired boilers entirely
by 2030.

WASTE REDUCTION
We’ve made strong progress in 2022 in our work to minimize and mitigate waste across our operations.
GARMENT RECYCLING
2022 PROGRESS
Free The Girls provides holistic reintegration services
• 100% of on-product marketing (hang tags, price
for women who are human trafficking survivors. As
tags and accessory packaging) used Forest
part of their programs, the organization collects new
Stewardship Council (FSC) paper.
and used bras to serve as inventory in small businesses
run by survivors. Since 2018, Aerie has collected over
• 100% of paper for in-store marketing (shopping
71,000 bras and helped to connect customers with this
bags, gift cards, marketing signage) used
important work through discounts and promotions
preferred paper sources.
encouraging bra donations.
• 100% of product tags (printed poly tags, woven
labels, accessory packaging) were made from
recycled plastic.
• All vendor sourced polybags required to be
made from 100% recycled content. We work with Cotton’s Give Back Box, a mail- A program of the New
Blue Jeans Go GreenTM in donation program, York Design Office,
• All plastic mailers contain more than program to recycle old allows AEO customers to Fab Scrap collects and
50% recycled content and thinner material jeans into new products like use any box, download recycles leftover fabrics
for less overall plastic use. insulation and sustainable a free shipping label, and samples. Since 2019,
packaging. In 2022, we and send in old jeans we’ve donated 30,632
recycled more than 30,000 and other clothes to pounds of fabric.
pairs of jeans, bringing our be recycled. Once the
Minimizing Waste in New Stores total contributions to over clothes reach Give Back
Since recycling rules and regulations vary across the U.S., 600,000 pieces of denim Box, they are sorted for
we’ve created a special program to make waste reduction since 2014. To incentivize resale or reuse. In 2022,
of hard-to-recycle soft plastics easier when a new the program, AEO loyalty our customers donated
American Eagle, Aerie or OFFL/NE store opens. In the customers who recycle their more than 4,000 pounds
first year, more than 2,875 pounds of plastic have been jeans receive a coupon for of clothing.
eliminated from landfills! $10 off a new pair of jeans.

[Table 1 — Page 36]
GARMENT RECYCLING | |
----------------------------------------
Free The Girls provides holistic reintegration services for women who are human trafficking survivors. As part of their programs, the organization collects new and used bras to serve as inventory in small businesses run by survivors. Since 2018, Aerie has collected over 71,000 bras and helped to connect customers with this important work through discounts and promotions encouraging bra donations. | |
We work with Cotton’s Blue Jeans Go GreenTM program to recycle old jeans into new products like insulation and sustainable packaging. In 2022, we recycled more than 30,000 pairs of jeans, bringing our total contributions to over 600,000 pieces of denim since 2014. To incentivize the program, AEO loyalty customers who recycle their jeans receive a coupon for $10 off a new pair of jeans. | Give Back Box, a mail- in donation program, allows AEO customers to use any box, download a free shipping label, and send in old jeans and other clothes to be recycled. Once the clothes reach Give Back Box, they are sorted for resale or reuse. In 2022, our customers donated more than 4,000 pounds of clothing. | A program of the New York Design Office, Fab Scrap collects and recycles leftover fabrics and samples. Since 2019, we’ve donated 30,632 pounds of fabric.

[Table 2 — Page 36]
| 2022 PROGRESS
----------------------------------------

PEOPLE
We show up for our associates,
customers and communities and
take positive action to uplift our
people and champion causes that
are important to them.

BUILDING A BETTER WORKPLACE & COMMUNITY - GOALS
FOCUS AREA GOAL ESTABLISHED STATUS PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
20% increase since 2018 in associates who
identify as non-Caucasian; 6% increase since
Achieve sustainable and relevant progress in hiring
2018 in Vice Presidents and above who identify
and promotion through strategic, data-supported and 2018 ON TRACK
as female; since 2018, Directors and above
IDEA-centric action
who identify as non-Caucasian have more
than doubled.
INCLUSION,
DIVERSITY,
Original signatory to Open to All’s Charter to
EQUITY AND
Mitigate Racial Bias in Retail; creation of L.E.A.D.
ACCESS
Continue to identify and implement new IDEA-specific program; associate participation in The Advanced
2018 ON TRACK
initiatives each year Leadership Institute’s (TALI) Emerging Leaders
Program; expansion of inclusive behavior and
leadership programs
Build the pipeline of future and emerging leaders by
increasing jobs filled through internal promotions and 2018 ON TRACK Internal promotions increased 32% since 2018
transfers by 2025
OUR PEOPLE Strengthen the impact of the AEO Steven A. Davis $850,000 in scholarships have been awarded
Scholarship for Social Justice by mentoring and advancing 2021 ON TRACK to 45 associates to advance educational
the careers of scholarship recipients opportunities since 2021
Increase associate participation for the “Count Me In!”
2021 54% increase in participation in 2022
campaign by 15%, annually EXCEEDED
Aerie Real Foundation established
Amplify charitable giving impact through the establishment
of new programs and partnerships 2021 ON TRACK Launched May Month of Service for field
associates to give back to local communities
COMMUNITY
Contribute 100,000 hours of service by AEO associates to Associates volunteered with 100+ organizations,
2021 ON TRACK
local communities by 2030 providing 14,000+ hours of service in 2022

[Table 1 — Page 38]
FOCUS AREA | GOAL | ESTABLISHED | STATUS | PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
----------------------------------------
INCLUSION, DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND ACCESS | Achieve sustainable and relevant progress in hiring and promotion through strategic, data-supported and IDEA-centric action | 2018 | ON TRACK | 20% increase since 2018 in associates who identify as non-Caucasian; 6% increase since 2018 in Vice Presidents and above who identify as female; since 2018, Directors and above who identify as non-Caucasian have more than doubled.
| Continue to identify and implement new IDEA-specific initiatives each year | 2018 | ON TRACK | Original signatory to Open to All’s Charter to Mitigate Racial Bias in Retail; creation of L.E.A.D. program; associate participation in The Advanced Leadership Institute’s (TALI) Emerging Leaders Program; expansion of inclusive behavior and leadership programs
OUR PEOPLE | Build the pipeline of future and emerging leaders by increasing jobs filled through internal promotions and transfers by 2025 | 2018 | ON TRACK | Internal promotions increased 32% since 2018
| Strengthen the impact of the AEO Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice by mentoring and advancing the careers of scholarship recipients | 2021 | ON TRACK | $850,000 in scholarships have been awarded to 45 associates to advance educational opportunities since 2021
COMMUNITY | Increase associate participation for the “Count Me In!” campaign by 15%, annually | 2021 | EXCEEDED | 54% increase in participation in 2022
| Amplify charitable giving impact through the establishment of new programs and partnerships | 2021 | ON TRACK | Aerie Real Foundation established Launched May Month of Service for field associates to give back to local communities
| Contribute 100,000 hours of service by AEO associates to local communities by 2030 | 2021 | ON TRACK | Associates volunteered with 100+ organizations, providing 14,000+ hours of service in 2022

BUILDING A BETTER WORKPLACE & COMMUNITY - GOALS
FOCUS AREA GOAL ESTABLISHED STATUS PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
Invest in women workers through health, life skills, and Continued investment in women workers
employment skills training, as well as increase women’s 2022 ON TRACK through BSR’s Herproject, within the
access to representative positions and management roles newly formed RISE initiative
Create a culture of safety in the workplace by full Founding signatory of the Bangladesh Accord
compliance with national building requirements and fire 2022 ON TRACK on Fire and Building Safety in 2013. Became a
codes, and on-going training for workers signatory to the Pakistan Accord in 2022.
RESPONSIBLE
SOURCING
Ensure that workers’ voices are represented and Finalized criteria for measurement of effective
respected, with effective grievance systems and elected 2022 ON TRACK grievance systems for broad use across
worker-management committees all suppliers
Provide protection to vulnerable worker groups, with Formalized and rolled out specialized approaches
particular attention to migrant workers and other priority 2022 ON TRACK for assessing migrant worker or gender-based
populations concerns in our monitoring program

[Table 1 — Page 39]
FOCUS AREA | GOAL | ESTABLISHED | STATUS | PROGRESS + ACHIEVEMENTS
----------------------------------------
RESPONSIBLE SOURCING | Invest in women workers through health, life skills, and employment skills training, as well as increase women’s access to representative positions and management roles | 2022 | ON TRACK | Continued investment in women workers through BSR’s Herproject, within the newly formed RISE initiative
| Create a culture of safety in the workplace by full compliance with national building requirements and fire codes, and on-going training for workers | 2022 | ON TRACK | Founding signatory of the Bangladesh Accord on Fire and Building Safety in 2013. Became a signatory to the Pakistan Accord in 2022.
| Ensure that workers’ voices are represented and respected, with effective grievance systems and elected worker-management committees | 2022 | ON TRACK | Finalized criteria for measurement of effective grievance systems for broad use across all suppliers
| Provide protection to vulnerable worker groups, with particular attention to migrant workers and other priority populations | 2022 | ON TRACK | Formalized and rolled out specialized approaches for assessing migrant worker or gender-based concerns in our monitoring program

OUR VALUES
Our values are the cornerstone of our culture
“We believe in a collective sense of
and heritage.
belonging and foster a culture of
In 2022, we refreshed our values to ensure they are purposefully
accountability. In 2022 we made intentional
aligned with our initiatives around Planet, People and Practices.
changes within our core values to reflect
our commitment to Planet, People and
People
Practices—empowering our teams to find
We believe Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and
solutions, take meaningful action and
Access are the foundation to our REAL culture.
build a better world.”
We empower our associates so that they can
achieve exceptional results for the business, for
MARISA BALDWIN
our customers and our communities. Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
Innovation Integrity
We are curious and change-oriented, constantly We are honest and authentic. Even in the
looking for ways to improve ourselves, the face of difficulty, we maintain the highest ethical
business and our planet. We make decisions standards. We care deeply about people and
in the face of ambiguity and take calculated our planet, and keep them at the center of
risks in order to better serve our customers and every decision.
communities, and protect our planet.
Teamwork
Passion
We celebrate when goals are achieved.
We are collaborative and inspire others to
We are excited about the company direction
deliver against business objectives. We come
and our future. We relentlessly pursue solutions
together to support the community and causes
to challenges and issues with a positive outlook.
we believe in.

OUR CULTURE
Rooted in excellence, teamwork and passion.
Caring for our people and fostering a culture of respect, recognition
and empowerment has been in our DNA since 1977.
Together, we play a pivotal role in fostering an environment where
everyone feels seen and celebrated while we continue to grow as a
community that promotes individuality and difference.
To achieve this, we are consistently:
• Listening to our associates, customers and candidates.
Our doors are always open. We listen to our associates’ direct
feedback through on-boarding surveys, culture surveys, exit surveys,
Glassdoor reporting, LinkedIn responses and hotline reporting.
We encourage transparency in day-to-day engagement, while also
periodically facilitating company-wide town halls and roundtables to
facilitate broader discussions.
• Observing who we are and what our associates are doing.
We study our demographic data and retention rates.
• Supporting a positive company culture. Our strategies and
processes promote AEO’s strong values while addressing leadership
CULTURE SURVEY ENHANCEMENTS
development opportunities, work-life integration, wellbeing
initiatives, fair pay initiatives, family support and inclusion, diversity,
Over the last five years we’ve expanded our global culture survey to
equity and access programs.
include all associates across stores, distribution centers and corporate.
This has grown our ability to listen directly to our population of
• Informing and clearly communicating our values. We pride
approximately 40,000 people, tailoring the survey approach to best
ourselves on modeling the behaviors we expect and providing
support meaningful action. In 2022, we heard from more than 27,000
training, as well as constructive feedback.
associates, representing over two thirds of our total population.

A 360o APPROACH TO SUPPORTING OUR PEOPLE
Our Total Rewards Approach
We support our associates through competitive compensation and access to
resources that enhance their lifestyles. We pay our associates fairly and equitably, and
reward them for delivering results, through straightforward compensation programs
composed of four key elements: competitive base pay rates, performance-based
incentive bonuses, annual stock awards and extensive benefits that range from medical,
dental, and vision plan offerings to gym/online fitness discounts, student loan debt
management programs and mental health benefits.
Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract and retain highly
In 2022, we introduced Be Well@AEO—a holistic approach to
skilled and performance-oriented associates. We actively evaluate our programs to
wellbeing that encompasses a wide range of benefits, tools
enhance our offerings to meet the evolving needs of our workforce.
and resources that support the physical, emotional, social and
financial needs of our associates.
Health & Safety
Be Well Health + Medical
Creating a healthy, safe and secure environment for our associates and customers is a
New hires are eligible for benefits on day one.
top priority. In addition to offering non-acute medical services at four health centers
located in two of our corporate offices and two distribution centers, AEO’s Health and
Be Well Mental + Behavioral
Safety Management Program focuses on accident prevention, training and response.
Additional time off is available through Care
Days to support our associates with balance,
mental wellbeing and recharging their battery.
SAFEST PLACE TO WORK & SHOP
We work hard to provide a safe environment for associates and customers, Be Well Financial + Retirement
offering courses to inform, educate and empower our teams on the actions Through a partnership with Candidly, a student
to take during an emergency. These resources are made available on mobile debt solutions program, we help associates move
devices to ensure associates always have guidance when they need it most. beyond their debt. AEO has contributed more
than $200,000 toward the repayment of
• Asset Protection Classes & Workshops: Dedicated to personal safety,
associates’ student loans.
active shooter and situational awareness.
• AEO’s Safest Place App: Includes step-by-step outlines for multiple safety
Be Well Parenting + Caregiving
and security protocols, including workplace violence.
Our Paid Parental Leave Policy was significantly
• Ready: U.S. Government readiness resources for a multitude of situations
enhanced and we introduced a new Paid Caregiver
related to disasters and emergencies.
Leave Policy, to give associates the time they
need to care for their families at every stage of life.

REAL OPPORTUNITIES
Empowering Our People to Achieve
Their Fullest Potential
We provide associates – at every level – the chance to plan, discover
and explore. This is key to our individual and collective success, now
and in the future.
We empower our associates to discover what is NEXT for them
through performance and development planning, helping to guide
their career journey.
Our consistent talent reviews, performance evaluations, equitable
pay practices and succession planning in 2022 contributed to:
• A full-time voluntary turnover rate, including our store associates,
of approximately 30% (consistent with our retail peer group and
compares to a 25% five-year company average).
• A full-time promotion rate of approximately 28% (compares to
a 23% five-year company average).
Close Knit Mentorship Program
ACADEMY
This program is inspired by the notion that we all have something valuable
Through our industry-leading learning module, associates can to teach and to learn from others. Associates from different departments,
access thousands of courses to hone their skills or explore new ones. levels, and experience are paired up to form new, enriching relationships
Associates completed more than 1 million AEO Academy learning across the business. Our goal is to foster an inclusive culture with diverse
modules in 2022, and over 3 million modules since 2019. perspectives to ensure our people thrive at AEO and beyond.
The Leadership Development Series
Personal Retail Enrichment Program (PREP)
and Emerging Leaders programs
Connects associates to college students from underrepresented
are designed to teach and promote
groups within retail, to provide them with both professional and
leadership skills through workshops
personal development.
and cohort learning.

Developing Future Retail Leaders
AEO provides opportunities for the best and brightest ASSOCIATE SPOTLIGHT: From Intern to Senior Vice President
young talent to learn what it takes to design, create,
Jessica Catanese began her career at AEO more than 20 years ago as an intern in Human
market and merchandise our industry-leading brands.
Resources. Today, she is Senior Vice President - Total Rewards and leads the teams
responsible for Compensation, Benefits, HR Information Systems and People Analytics.
Full-Time Teammate Training Program
Development opportunities, including company-sponsored training programs and
Our 16-week paid training and onboarding program
conscious exposure to various aspects of the business, helped propel Jessica’s career—
is a post-graduate opportunity to jumpstart a career
making her one of the many talented and passionate female leaders at AEO.
at AEO. Participants learn classroom knowledge and
work firsthand with product, inventory channels and “AEO has supported my career advancement by
learn the business with the support from mentors. The providing opportunities to work alongside leaders
program builds a foundational understanding of retail
who offered trust, exposure to multiple aspects
and supports the transition to a full-time role.
of the business and formal training programs.
The encouragement to explore my interests, take
Internships
risks and continuously grow has been invaluable
Students within two years of graduation can apply
to my professional development.”
for a 10-week paid summer opportunity. Interns work
alongside a mentor to gain skills in corporate retail—all
while learning directly from executives and gain key JESSICA CATANESE
Senior Vice President - Total Rewards
company insights.

IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Access
We remain steadfast in our commitment to building
a future that integrates IDEA into everything we do. INCLUSION
AEO will provide an environment where all associates feel
a sense of belonging and are able to succeed as their authentic selves.
Our IDEA journey formally began in early 2018, well before the
momentous events of 2020 forever changed our lives and deepened
many organizations’ commitment to engage with their communities and
DIVERSITY
foster employee belonging.
Difference and individuality make AEO stronger, higher-performing
and more innovative.
It is a testament to the strength of our brands and the quality of our
people that AEO continues to invest in our associates, build an authentic
culture and embed the principles of IDEA into every aspect of our
EQUITY
business. There remains much work to do; however, AEO is built on
AEO is committed to fairness in policies, practices, opportunities
a bedrock of strong values, consistently rising to the challenge and
and outcomes.
putting its people first.
ACCESS
Barriers (both physical and non-physical) should be eliminated to allow
stakeholders the ability to participate in, and realize, all that AEO has to offer.
“The foundation of IDEA that we created
nearly five years ago has proven invaluable
in allowing us to continue moving forward
in our mission—to achieve sustainable
progress in the pillars of hiring, community
and development through strategic,
data-driven and people-centric action.”
TERRY ROBERTS
Vice President - Employment Law and Chief Inclusion
and Diversity Officer

IDEA: Notable New Initiatives in 2022
Original signatory to Open to All’s Charter to Mitigate Racial Bias
in retail establishments. AEO has taken a cross-functional approach AEO Associates Graduate from TALI’s Emerging
by bringing together store operations, asset protection, human Leaders Program
resources and the IDEA team to develop L.E.A.D to nurture positive
customer interactions and eliminate perceptions of profiling and bias.
This new framework has been incorporated into store management
training and manager onboarding.
L
LIVE OUR VALUES.
E
EDUCATE YOURSELF.
A ASSUME POSITIVE INTENT.
Left to Right: Miguelina Javier, Tammy Mack, Terry Roberts, Shana Shields
D DELIVER INCREDIBLE GUEST SERVICE THROUGH
By championing our hiring and development pillars, TALI’s Emerging
OUR SELLING MODEL.
Leaders Program prepares rising Black leaders for professional success and
meaningful advancement in both corporate and community roles. Offering
Sponsorship of The Advanced Leadership Institute (TALI). Investing in
associates the opportunity to participate in the program is part of AEO’s
the development of high-performing and high-potential associates of
commitment to provide resources to those in our community to achieve
color through their participation in TALI’s Emerging Leaders Program.
personal and career growth while encouraging them to find what is next
for them at AEO.
Capturing greater amounts of qualitative and quantitative data
through our IDEA-focused survey and innovative training platform, “The Advanced Leadership Institute is an amazing
Emtrain. These tools continue to become more accessible to larger
representation of the value AEO places on inclusion, diversity
percentages of our associate population, with the information and
and professional advancement of associates. Being offered
learnings from these tools informing our strategies.
the opportunity to participate in the program enabled me
to enhance my interpersonal skills, learn new concepts and
identify strategies to successfully tackle challenges I may
face as a new leader.”
MIGUELINA JAVIER
Senior Analyst - International Support, Digital Customer Service
TALI Class of 2022/2023

[Table 1 — Page 46]

----------------------------------------
Left to Right: Miguelina Javier, Tammy Mack, Terry Roberts, Shana Shields

GUIDING PRINCIPLES & PILLARS: Hiring, Community and Development
The foundation of IDEA was created by our associates to ensure everyone feels respected and empowered. We structure our efforts under
the following pillars: hiring, community and development. Each pillar is led by subject matter experts who develop plans and facilitate action
to ensure that consistent progress is made on our IDEA mission and goals.
Hiring Community Development
Attracting top talent from underrepresented Embody inclusion in action by activating Build and fulfill the pipeline of future and
groups to diversify and strengthen our our associates to authentically engage with emerging leaders through external hiring
teams and senior leadership. each other and the communities we serve. and internal promotion of individuals
from underrepresented groups into
• Ensuring hiring process is objective, •Fostering a culture of inclusion and a true
management positions.
consistent and equitable. sense of belonging.
• Creating an inclusive and supportive
• Strengthening relationships with workplace through education.
•Making a lasting impact in our
community organizations and Historically
communities through the AEO
• Continuously improving our talent
Black Colleges and Universities.
Foundation and corporate charitable
development process, performance
giving programs.
• Incorporating inclusive leadership metrics, mentorship opportunities,
and unconscious bias training for all and people analytics.
hiring managers.

[Table 1 — Page 47]
Community Embody inclusion in action by activating our associates to authentically engage with each other and the communities we serve. •Fostering a culture of inclusion and a true sense of belonging. •Making a lasting impact in our communities through the AEO Foundation and corporate charitable giving programs. | Development Build and fulfill the pipeline of future and emerging leaders through external hiring and internal promotion of individuals from underrepresented groups into management positions. • Creating an inclusive and supportive workplace through education. • Continuously improving our talent development process, performance metrics, mentorship opportunities, and people analytics.
----------------------------------------

PEOPLE DATA: Five Years of Progress
CORPORATE STORES DISTRIBUTION CENTERS
(2018 vs. 2022) (2018 vs. 2022) (2018 vs. 2022)
2018 2022 2018 2022 2018 2022
Demographics (% Total) 2018 2022 Demographics (% Total) 2018 2022 Demographics (% Total) 2018 2022
White 60.9 55.1 White 59.7 53.8 White 62.5 48.5
Latinx 4.5 6.1 Latinx 19.8 26.1 Latinx 30.3 45.1
Black or African American 1.8 3.6 Black or African American 11.6 10.5 Black or African American 2.4 2.3
Asian 7.5 11.1 Asian 3.4 3.7 Asian 1.5 1.1
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 0.3 0.2 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 0.6 0.4 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 0.3 0.2
Native American or Indigenous 0.1 0.0 Native American or Indigenous 0.4 0.4 Native American or Indigenous 1.1 1.0
Total People of Color 14.2 21 Total People of Color 35.8 41.1 Total People of Color 35.6 49.7
Population of women grew from VP’s who identify as women went from ~3x 20%
73% 79% 43% 49%
increase of corporate increase in total associates
associates since 2018 who since 2018 who
over the past 5 years. in the past 5 years.
identify as Black. identify as non-Caucasian.

[Table 1 — Page 48]
CORPORATE (2018 vs. 2022) | STORES (2018 vs. 2022) | DISTRIBUTION CENTERS (2018 vs. 2022)
----------------------------------------
2018 2022 Demographics (% Total) 2018 2022 White 60.9 55.1 Latinx 4.5 6.1 Black or African American 1.8 3.6 Asian 7.5 11.1 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 0.3 0.2 Native American or Indigenous 0.1 0.0 Total People of Color 14.2 21 | 2018 2022 Demographics (% Total) 2018 2022 White 59.7 53.8 Latinx 19.8 26.1 Black or African American 11.6 10.5 Asian 3.4 3.7 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 0.6 0.4 Native American or Indigenous 0.4 0.4 Total People of Color 35.8 41.1 | 2018 2022 Demographics (% Total) 2018 2022 White 62.5 48.5 Latinx 30.3 45.1 Black or African American 2.4 2.3 Asian 1.5 1.1 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander 0.3 0.2 Native American or Indigenous 1.1 1.0 Total People of Color 35.6 49.7

[Table 2 — Page 48]
Demographics (% Total) | 2018 | 2022
----------------------------------------
White | 60.9 | 55.1
Latinx | 4.5 | 6.1
Black or African American | 1.8 | 3.6
Asian | 7.5 | 11.1
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander | 0.3 | 0.2
Native American or Indigenous | 0.1 | 0.0
Total People of Color | 14.2 | 21

[Table 3 — Page 48]
Demographics (% Total) | 2018 | 2022
----------------------------------------
White | 59.7 | 53.8
Latinx | 19.8 | 26.1
Black or African American | 11.6 | 10.5
Asian | 3.4 | 3.7
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander | 0.6 | 0.4
Native American or Indigenous | 0.4 | 0.4
Total People of Color | 35.8 | 41.1

[Table 4 — Page 48]
Demographics (% Total) | 2018 | 2022
----------------------------------------
White | 62.5 | 48.5
Latinx | 30.3 | 45.1
Black or African American | 2.4 | 2.3
Asian | 1.5 | 1.1
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander | 0.3 | 0.2
Native American or Indigenous | 1.1 | 1.0
Total People of Color | 35.6 | 49.7

ASSOCIATE NETWORKS & CONNECTIONS
Fostering a sense of belonging allows our associates to
bring their whole authentic selves to work each day.
women aeo
@
OUR GROUPS
Women@AEO fosters an environment where
women are empowered and inspired to achieve
AEO Green Team their full potential. The network provides
opportunities for professional development,
REAL Parents
networking, resource sharing and support.
REAL Pride Network
Events are hosted to expand skills, share inspiring
Women@AEO speakers, address unique issues that women face
in their careers, families and communities, and
Veteran & Military Employee
make time to give back to our communities.
Resource Group
REAL Black Alliance
The Anti-Racism Connection
New-ish to Pittsburgh
AEO REAL Creators Welcomes all LGBTQ+ associates and allies in a
safe, supportive space to advocate for equality
AEO REAL Dogs
and justice in the workplace and beyond.
AEO REAL Jewish Connection
Asian-American Pacific Islander
(AAPI) MIND
Mental Inclusivity & Neurodiversity
Community
MIND (Mental Inclusivity + Neurodiveristy
AEO Newish to Golf Connection) fosters an inclusive Neurodivergent
workplace through reducing stigma and building
AEO Readers
an environment that recognizes and emphasizes
AEO Cats
each person’s individual strengths and talents
while providing support for their needs.

[Table 1 — Page 49]
| OUR GROUPS
----------------------------------------

CREATING IMPACT: Partnerships That Make a Difference
We support causes that are important to our customers through local and national charity partnerships,
grantmaking, matching gifts, customer activations and in-kind donations.
Together, AEO, the AEO Foundation
Since 2016, AEO, customers and our associates
and our customers contributed more
have provided nearly $1.4 million in support of
than $10 million to causes that share
disaster recovery and response programs.
our vision for building a better world.
We also supported local communities
by awarding 178 grants to organizations
that are paving the way for mental
OFFL/NE by Aerie celebrated Global Week of
health, youth empowerment and
Inclusion by honoring Special Olympics athletes
education programs for teens and
with the help of Olympic gymnast, activist and
young adults.
#AerieREAL Role Model, Aly Raisman.
We are united in shining a light on antisemitism in
AEO is the largest sponsor of the It Gets Better
all of its forms and denouncing hatred and bigotry.
Project, making a transformative commitment
to uplift, empower and provide connection for
Aerie was the first national brand to support the
LGBTQ+ youth over the last seven years.
National Eating Disorders Association. Together
with our customers, we’ve raised $2.1 million to
date in support of their life saving mission.
Since 2018, AEO has supported the AntiDefamation League’s No Place For Hate
education-based program, which empowers
We are working to end hunger through our We encourage our customers and associates to youth in more than 1,800 schools across the
partnership with Feeding America and Food use their voice, to register to vote and participate country to stand up against hatred and acts
Banks Canada. in democracy. of bullying.

CREATING IMPACT: Together with Our Customers
We create opportunities for our customers to actively participate in our shared goal of building a better world.
Establishing the Aerie Real Foundation
In October 2022 the Aerie Real Foundation was created to
expand upon the brand’s long history of giving back. The
Created in 2022, Future Together allowed
foundation seeks to champion and empower women, foster an
inclusive community and protect the planet. Since its launch, American Eagle customers to actively
the Aerie Real Foundation has supported organizations
participate in our shared goal of building
including the National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA),
a better future.
Delivering Good, PERIOD., Free The Girls and Special
Olympics. Community Grants were also provided to 56
Customers were able to submit applications for a grant
organizations across the country working to encourage girls
to help create positive change in their local communities.
to feel strong, smart and bold; inspire equality and inclusion;
In total, the program awarded $10,000 grants to 20
and cultivate the next generation of conservation leaders.
organizations focused on mental health awareness,
sustainability, food insecurity and education.
WE WANT TO FUND YOU!
OneUpAction supports marginalized
youth trying to tackle the climate crisis
Aerie customers are encouraging their favorite nonprofit organizations to submit grant
within their communities.
proposals for awards of up to $10,000. In 2022, 56 organizations received grants to support
programs in our customers’ local communities that are building confidence, fostering
Urban Growth promotes sustainable
inclusion and protecting our planet.
farming through hydroponics.
Recognizing that the climate crisis Exhale to Inhale uses the healing practices
is a leadership crisis, Black Girl of trauma-informed yoga to empower
Environmentalist (BGE) is a supportive survivors of domestic violence and sexual
community dedicated to empowering assault, while helping communities to
Black girls, women and non-binary leaders develop the skills and knowledge to
across environmental disciplines to nurture a support them.
just and livable future.

GIVING BACK TO OUR PEOPLE & COMMUNITIES
We give back and roll up our sleeves to make a difference in the communities where we live and work.
Volunteer Recognition Program and
AEO associates volunteered Volunteer Time Off
with 100+ organizations Designed to support individual associates’
volunteer efforts by providing a $500 donation to
providing more than 14,000 Launched in 2009, this program is funded
the charitable organization where they perform
by associates to support fellow associates
hours of service in their at least 25 hours of community service per year.
experiencing a severe personal tragedy. To date,
Additionally, AEO offers full-time associates up
communities in 2022. Helping Hands has provided more than $375,000
to 8 hours of paid volunteer time off annually.
to hundreds of associates in need.
AEO Better World Community Day
VOLUNTEER SPOTLIGHT
Each year, associates participate in a day
dedicated to volunteering to help make our For more than seven years,
communities vibrant places to live, work and Michael Ashbaugh, AE
play. Since 2013, associates have logged District Team Leader, has
more than 25,000 hours at this annual service In partnership with the AEO Foundation, AE and spent the weekends giving
project by volunteering with nonprofits around Aerie store teams across the U.S. and Canada back to his local community
the globe. work with store leadership to support a nonprofit through a nonprofit that
that matters most to each district by completing provides food, medical
a service project. Since 2021, $745,000 has been and financial assistance to those in need.
awarded to 184 organizations.
“Giving back promotes a sense of
unity and togetherness, leading to the
development of a more inclusive and
Since 2015, AEO associates have personally Team of Ten
supportive community where everyone
contributed more than $1 million to nonprofit Encourages volunteer efforts by providing a
feels valued. I hope to serve as an
organizations that empower youth in local $500 donation to a charitable organization
inspiration to my peers to get involved,
communities through this charitable payroll where at least ten AEO associates participate
take action, and create positive change
deduction. The tax deductible donation to the in a community service or fundraising project
that can spread beyond our local
AEO Foundation supports the community grants together. If 20 or more associates participate in
communities and contribute to
program, funding organizations in Pittsburgh (PA), a project, AEO will donate $1,000. In 2022, more
building a better world.”
New York City (NY), Hazleton (PA), San Francisco than 500 associates participated and contributed
(CA), Ottawa (KS) and Mississauga (Ontario). more than 1,300 hours of service. MICHAEL ASHBAUGH, AE District Team Leader

[Table 1 — Page 52]
VOLUNTEER SPOTLIGHT |
----------------------------------------

CREATING IMPACT: Advancing Educational Opportunities for Our Associates
AEO’s Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice is a $5 million commitment to advance educational
opportunities for associates who are actively driving anti-racism, equality and social justice initiatives.
Since the launch in 2021, we have awarded nearly $850,000 to 45 associate scholars who share our passion
for creating a more equal and inclusive society.
“I am incredibly grateful to be a “The support I have received
scholarship recipient. This had from AEO has made me feel
a tremendous impact on my incredibly valued and given me the
college experience. It helped confidence to continue working
me recognize that I am making on my dream to build a more
a difference in the world and open and equitable society postprovided the opportunity to graduation.”
continue making positive change.”
JAZMINE
AMARYLIS
Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice recipient
Steven A. Davis Scholarship for Social Justice recipient
Amarylis was one of the first recipients of AEO’s Steven A. Davis Jazmine shares our commitment to helping end racism, discrimination
Scholarship for Social Justice. We were inspired by her passion for and inequality. She attended University of Denver where she spent
igniting change in the community and her work to educate peers on time working as a research assistant for the Josef Korbel School of
the significance of Hispanic culture and heritage. International Studies Human Trafficking Center. She was also a research
associate on the Literature Review Team at the Frederick Pardee Center
Amarylis graduated from Rhode Island College with a double major in
for International Futures, where she focused on women’s development
Marketing and Spanish. During her studies, she served as the President
across the globe.
of Unidos—a diverse organization that welcomes students from all
backgrounds and minority groups. As President, Amarylis organized Now a graduate with a dual degree in International Studies and English,
social justice events on campus and led open discussions on topics that Jazmine has been working on a poetry collection that explores human
are important to today’s youth, such as colorism and voting. Amarylis is rights and the climate crisis. Jazmine will pursue a master’s degree and
looking forward to furthering her efforts in the community and working continue her work in research at the University of Denver’s Josef Korbel
in the marketing field. School of International Studies.

POSITIVE ACTION ACROSS OUR SUPPLY CHAIN:
Women’s Equity, Safety & Workers’ Voice
Human Rights in Our Supply Chain
OUR PROMISE “I am incredibly proud of AEO’s
AEO’s Human Rights Commitment and Code
of Conduct guide how we manage and partner business commitment to prioritize
AEO will only source from suppliers
with external suppliers. We work closely with
factories that operate with the highest
that commit to the AEO Vendor Code
more than 300 manufacturing factories in over
of Conduct, establishing foundational responsibility and social compliance
20 countries around the world. We do not own
requirements for workplace conditions.
performance. We have an extremely
or operate any factories, so it is important to
develop trusted relationships with suppliers to dedicated and thorough team that is
responsibly make our products. continuously evaluating our factory
partners to inform our decisions. We
Factory Inspection, Scoring
keep an open dialogue through
and Improvement
meetings, onsite visits and continuing
We uphold an extensive factory inspection
education to help advance training
program to monitor compliance with our
Code of Conduct. All factories are rated based programs and industry standards.”
on an internal rating system through social
compliance audits, visits by the AEO team, or
MARK ROSE
other touchpoints that arise throughout the year. Senior Vice President - Production & Sourcing
Potential factory partners are reviewed for social
compliance before they can begin production.
We review and rate factories annually to
reassess social compliance monitoring needs.
Depending on the circumstances, factories may:
receive a new audit; send in an existing audit
report that is acceptable by our equivalence
standards; receive customized training; or be
exempt from social auditing for a given year.

[Table 1 — Page 54]
| OUR PROMISE
----------------------------------------

FACTORY RATING SYSTEM
BLUE YELLOW ORANGE RED
AUDITING BEYOND TIER 1
Identified issue Isolated major Multiple major or Identified one or more
is minor. issue. critical issues. Factory severe issues. Factory AEO is extending Tier 1 factory monitoring
A remediation A remediation is moved to probation is deactivated until policies to include deeper tiers of our supply
plan is required plan is required, status, future business issue is resolved and chain, with a focus on mills, laundries, trim and
and business is no impact on cannot increase over cannot receive any new labeling suppliers.
encouraged. business. past seasons. purchase orders.
Through a pilot program, we have begun to
conduct audits and accept audit reports for
Approved factories in 2022 that received an audit Since 2013, our supplier scorecard has helped
facilities beyond Tier 1 and are expanding the
or visit by our internal team or external partners: to measure factory compliance and improvement,
program to more facilities in 2023.
and now includes a Responsible Sourcing and
Sustainability score
56% AEO is dedicated to the highest level of social
COUNTRY ACTIVE AUDITS and environmental responsibility. Based on
Bangladash 32 internationally accepted standards, our Code of
24%
Cambodia 8 Conduct includes standards pertaining to:
11%
Canada 1
• Laws and Regulations • Environment
1% China 66
• Discrimination • Hours of Work
Guatemala 4
• Harassment and Abuse • Monitoring and
For factories identified as Orange and Red, India 18
Transparency
remediation steps and timelines are customized • Forced Labor
Indonesia 13
• Integrity
depending on the issues and circumstances. • Wages and Benefits
Jordan 8
Our policy is to work with factories to improve • Freedom of Association
• Health and Safety
Macau 1
whenever possible; however, AEO will end its
• Subcontracting
• Child Labor
relationship with factory partners for lack of Mexico 2
improvement or non-compliance. Pakistan 3
Philippines 1
New factories rated Blue or Yellow after a prePortugal 1
sourcing audit are approved for production. If rated
Orange or Red, factories must remediate all related Sri Lanka 2
issues before they can start production for AEO. Thailand 1
In 2022, 86% of new factories were approved as United States 2
future partners.
Vietnam 55

[Table 1 — Page 55]
COUNTRY | ACTIVE AUDITS
----------------------------------------
Bangladash | 32
Cambodia | 8
Canada | 1
China | 66
Guatemala | 4
India | 18
Indonesia | 13
Jordan | 8
Macau | 1
Mexico | 2
Pakistan | 3
Philippines | 1
Portugal | 1
Sri Lanka | 2
Thailand | 1
United States | 2
Vietnam | 55

A partnership between the United Nations International Labour
FACTORY SPOTLIGHT: REGINA MIRACLE
Organization (ILO) and the International Finance Corporation (IFC),
a member of the World Bank Group – Better Work brings together A key supplier of intimate apparel and sports bras for the Aerie and
all levels of the global garment industry to improve working OFFL/NE brands, Regina Miracle was recognized in 2022 by Better Work
conditions and respect labor rights for workers, while boosting the as a high-performance factory due to its demonstrated achievements in
competitiveness of apparel businesses. Better Work programs assess compliance, and sustained self-governance. This role model company
factory working conditions and compliance, and also provide training employs 32,000 people across six production hubs in Vietnam.
and consistent advisory support throughout the year.
As a vital member of AEO’s Responsible Sourcing Supplier Council,
As a Better Work global partner, AEO has active collaboration at the
Regina Miracle is a positive example for factory peers, notably
national level in Bangladesh, Vietnam, Cambodia, Indonesia and
developing a Performance Improvement Consultative Committee, which
Jordan, and we supported the expansion of the program to Pakistan in
plays an indispensable role in its self-governance.
2022. We accept the Better Work assessments instead of requiring our
own audits to leverage efficiencies.
Purchasing Practices: Better Buying Institute
Analysis of our purchasing practices is an important aspect of our
responsible sourcing strategy. In 2022, AEO partnered with the Better
Buying Institute to gather insights—based on a methodology identified
by academics and experts—allowing suppliers to anonymously rate
the purchasing practices of their brand customers, providing scored
Michelle Tarry, Vice President, Responsible Sourcing and Sustainability feedback in seven categories:
at AEO was recently elected as the U.S. Buyer Representative for the
• Planning and Forecasting • Payment and Terms
Better Work Advisory Council.
• Design and Development • Management of the Purchasing
COUNTRY Factories Participating in Better Work
Process
• Cost and Cost Negotiation
Vietnam 40
• Win-Win Sustainable Partnerships
Bangladesh 17 • Sourcing and Order Placement
Indonesia 14
Following the exercise, analysis provided by the Better Buying Institute
Cambodia 12
was reviewed and opportunities for improvement were identified. AEO
Jordan 7
intends to continue this engagement in the future to analyze trends
Pakistan 5
and track progress.

[Table 1 — Page 56]
COUNTRY Factories Participating in Better Work |
----------------------------------------
Vietnam | 40
Bangladesh | 17
Indonesia | 14
Cambodia | 12
Jordan | 7
Pakistan | 5

We are committed to safe working conditions, supplier relations and human rights across our supply chain.
Creating a culture of safety in the workplace Providing protection to vulnerable worker groups
In 2013, AEO was a founding signatory of the Bangladesh Accord on Fire We ensure partner factories provide a safe work environment,
and Building Safety—an unprecedented independent, legally binding which includes:
agreement to build a safer and healthier ready-made garment industry.
• Disclosing the steps we take to mitigate the risk of slavery and human
The program is very successful in the regular monitoring of safety
trafficking in our supply chain through our joint California Transparency
conditions, establishment of an employee hotline, safety committees
in Supply Chains Act / UK Modern Slavery Act statement since 2017.
and regular training.
• Committing to the American Apparel & Footwear Industry
We subsequently signed the 2021 International Accord for Health and
Commitment to Responsible Recruitment to address forced labor rights
Safety in the Textile and Garment Industry to continue this vital work. In
for migrant workers in 2018.
2022, AEO also became a signatory to the Pakistan Accord and supports
expanding to suppliers in that country. • Implementing a Forced Labor and Migrant Worker Policy to ensure
protection from exploitation for migrant workers in 2019.
Ensuring that workers’ voices are represented
• Prohibiting the manufacture of any product or the use of any raw
and respected
material from the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in China, due to
We approach factory relationships from a long-term perspective, allegations of forced labor since 2020.
collaborating to foster an environment in which workers feel comfortable
• Formalizing and rolling out specialized approaches for assessing
and have the ability to raise and discuss concerns. Our goal is for all
migrant worker or gender-based concerns in our monitoring program
strategic suppliers to have effective grievance systems and elected
in 2022.
worker-management committees in place.
OUR PROGRESS
2015 2018 2019 2022
Introduced the Launched a project Became a partner of Better Work Finalized our guide and
Worker Voice with 14 factories in Academy to leverage efforts criteria for measurement
Program to better China to create elected globally and transform the apparel of effective grievance
understand factory worker-management industry’s approach to improving systems for broad use
workers’ perceptions committees to monitor working conditions and enhancing across all suppliers.
and feelings. and oversee responses worker wellbeing by focusing on
to worker concerns. effective worker communication
and representation.

Investing in women workers through health, life skills and employment training RISE
Women in Leadership Roles
FACTORY SPOTLIGHT: HIRDARAMANI GROUP
An estimated 80% of the workforce in the
factories that make AEO products are
AEO continues to advance women’s Building a More Inclusive Factory
women. Because they play such a vital role,
empowerment, helping to increase leadership Environment
it is incredibly important that women are
opportunities through our 10-year partnership
Hirdaramani Group’s subsidiaries,
represented in managerial and leadership
with BSR’s HERproject and their new initiative,
Kenpark in Bangladesh and
positions.
RISE: Reimagining Industry to Support
Fashion Garments in Vietnam,
Equality. AEO is focused on positively impacting the
actively promote women’s
working environment so that women feel
We sponsored the launch of RISE in four empowerment and local talent
empowered and encouraged to take on
Bangladesh factories and joined some growth. Hirdaramani’s Wonder
leadership roles and are set up for success.
of the world’s largest apparel brands to of Wellbeing (WOW) program
We are currently measuring factories that
drive accelerated and lasting impact while is central to their success and is a core facet of
have created environments where women
promoting women’s wellbeing to ensure their strategy to elevate employee lives.
can flourish in managerial positions. These
they can thrive in their roles. RISE focuses on
factories have instituted preferential salaries By incorporating social, mental, physical,
training for women and pursues its mission
reflecting overtime work, leadership training environmental, and financial dimensions, the
through three core strategies: strengthening
and mentorship. WOW program has effectively promoted female
knowledge and skills for workers and
participation in supervisory positions in both
managers, embedding gender equality in
Bangladesh and Vietnam. Notably, Bangladesh
business practice, and influencing industry
has achieved a remarkable 100% representation
and public policy.
of females in leadership roles. In addition,
To date, more than 60 AEO partner facilities Fashion Garments in Vietnam stands out with
across Bangladesh, Vietnam, India, Pakistan, an impressive 80% female management, further
Cambodia and Indonesia have participated highlighting the group’s dedication to nurturing
in a HERproject training- such as HERhealth, diversity and skill development.
HERfinanace and HERrespect - with AEO
Hirdaramani Group demonstrates a commitment
serving as one of the lead brands supporting
that not only cultivates skilled teams but also
factory participation.
underscores how upholding social values drives
Previously, AEO assisted with the development remarkable accomplishments, showcasing their
of HERessentials, a digitalized package of efforts to nurture a competent and diverse
critical resources for women workers during workforce while creating a positive influence
a time of crisis when the pandemic limited across communities.
Images courtesy of BSR
in-person training.

[Table 1 — Page 58]
FACTORY SPOTLIGHT: HIRDARAMANI GROUP |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 58]

----------------------------------------
Images courtesy of BSR

RESPONSIBLE SOURCING SUPPLIER COUNCIL
AEO highly values working with suppliers
to gather input on our programs and
share best practices.
Now in its second year, AEO’s Responsible Sourcing
Supplier Council was launched with a focus to:
• Bring together a selected group of strategic suppliers
to have open discussions on social and environmental
issues in our supply chain.
• Compare approaches and experiences, as well as
share ideas for the future of our Responsible Sourcing
program.
The council consists of three sourcing agents and 17
vendors who were invited to participate based on business
relationship and their demonstrated performance on
social compliance and worker engagement. These vendors
represent 43 factories across eight countries: Bangladesh,
China, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Jordan and
Sri Lanka.
In 2022, AEO hosted three working sessions for the
council to identify best practices in the following areas:
• Using a mobile app for tracking and resolution of
complaints, as well as providing updates and feedback
to factory workers on the progress of their concerns.
• Identifying internal monitoring protocol to enhance
transparency and sustained compliance.
• Understanding diversity, equality and inclusion.
• Achieving high-performance factory status under the
Better Work Program.

PRACTICES
Operating with the highest ethical
standards means we hold ourselves
accountable in how we treat each other,
the planet and all of our stakeholders.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & BOARD OF DIRECTORS HIGHLIGHTS
Our commitment to effective corporate Ongoing director education is vital, and our Board
governance and the highest ethical Board Recognition strongly encourages directors to participate annually
standards starts at the top with our in external education programs.
highly engaged Board of Directors. We
Our directors attend professional development forums
aim to do what’s right to promote the
and industry-leading conferences convened by the
long-term interests of our company and
National Association of Corporate NACD, Harvard Business School, external accounting
to maximize shareholder value.
Directors (NACD) Public Company Board firms and retail organizations focused on topics that are
of the Year
relevant to their duties as directors, including topics
AEO’s Board of Directors is responsible for
focused on ESG. Continuing director education
oversight, counseling and providing direction
Noel Spiegel, Lead Independent Director, is also provided during Board meetings and discussions,
to the management of the company. The Board’s
named a NACD Top 100 and as part of information sessions. Throughout Fiscal
primary areas of focus include strategy, risk
2022, our Board participated in roundtable discussions
management, corporate social responsibility,
with external advisors as well as learning opportunities
corporate governance and compliance, as Suja Chandrasekaran is a two-time
with management on topics including governance
well as evaluating management and guiding Directors to Watch by Directors & Boards,
matters, executive compensation, regulatory
changes as circumstances warrant. recognized for driving boards towards a
developments, workplace culture, technology,
higher level of inclusion and effectiveness.
environmental sustainability and cybersecurity.
Overseeing
& Evaluating
Management
Board Certifications
Compliance Strategy
• Deb Henretta completed the Competent Boards
Global ESG Certificate and Designation (GCB.D)
Board's Primary
• Suja Chandrasekaran named a
Responsibilities
Governance Fellow by the NACD
• Suja Chandrasekaran completed the NACD
Cybersecurity Oversight CERT certification
Corporate Risk
and holds the NACD.DC certification in corporate
Governance Management
governance

GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW
Integrity is one of AEO’s core values—
how we do business is just as important OUR POLICIES: Planet, People and Practices*
as what we do.
• AEO Training for Brand Ambassadors • F orced Labor and Migrant Worker Policy
The company maintains a robust, cross-functional ethics • Anti-Boycott Policy • Human Rights Commitment
and compliance program. Based on our Code of Ethics, it
• Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy • Insider Trading Policy
includes clear policies and procedures, training and
education, annual and quarterly auditing, monitoring and • Anti-Fraud and Financial Reporting • Open Door Reporting Policy
investigating functions and routine reporting mechanisms. Whistleblower Policy
• Prohibited Sourcing Regions Policy
• Climate Policy
• Subcontracting Policy
• Code of Conduct
• Workplace Culture Policy
BEST PRACTICES • Code of Ethics
• Zero-tolerance Harrassment and
• Customer Service Discrimination Policy
Continue to prioritize representation in
our Board of Directors to ensure diversity
of backgrounds, experience and thought
in the boardroom.
Maintain business integrity through a
majority independent Board of Directors.
Uphold corporate governance best
practices including sustaining high ethical
standards, providing oversight through
defined roles and responsibilities and
driving accountability through regular and
comprehensive disclosures.
Maintain consistent and open channels
of communication and engagement with
shareholders.
*For more information on our policies, visit aeo-inc.com.

HIGHLY TALENTED, SKILLED & DIVERSE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
We believe diversity can and should be described and defined in many different ways.
BOARD OF DIRECTOR
We encourage our associates and directors to bring their authentic selves to their work.
HIGHLIGHTS
In our journey to build a world-class public company governance structure, we have strengthened
and developed a Board with a diverse set of backgrounds, skills, and experiences.
All Directors are independent,
except the CEO
Our Board embodies a broad and diverse set of experiences, qualifications,
attributes, skills and viewpoints that are vital to the success of AEO.
100% independence on committees
• Leadership • Technology & Digital
• Retail Industry • Real Estate
Experienced and engaged
• Financial Literacy • Crisis Management
Lead Independent Director
• Audit Committee / Financial Expertise • Mergers & Acquisitions
• Risk Management • ESG
Highly talented, skilled Board with
• International • Corporate Social Responsibility
deep retail expertise
• Marketing & Consumer Insights • Philanthropy/Fundraising
• Public Relations • Other Public Company Board Service
Focused and thoughtful
Board refreshment
Ongoing stockholder engagement
Prohibition on hedging or
pledging company stock
Stock ownership requirements

[Table 1 — Page 63]
BOARD OF DIRECTOR HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------
All Directors are independent, except the CEO
100% independence on committees
Experienced and engaged Lead Independent Director
Highly talented, skilled Board with deep retail expertise
Focused and thoughtful Board refreshment
Ongoing stockholder engagement
Prohibition on hedging or pledging company stock
Stock ownership requirements

MEET TWO OF AEO’S DIRECTORS
A proven strategist and corporate executive A highly inspirational, creative thought
with over 27 years of expansive retail leader who brings more than 30 years
apparel, merchandising, marketing and of leadership experience in advertising,
operating experience. Since 2004, Janice marketing and digital entrepreneurship
has been a highly engaged and influential to AEO. David’s insights and diverse skill
board member. Her insights and guidance set has added tremendous value to our
have been instrumental in helping us grow company and our brands. Since 2013, his
into a $5 billion multi-brand global company. creative energy has been instrumental in
Additionally, Janice has been passionate helping us craft our brand ethos and build
about AEO’s work in ESG, bringing it to the genuine customer connections through
forefront of our strategy and ensuring board innovative marketing campaigns. He has
oversight. She has led the Board’s diversity, also been a passionate advocate for our
JANICE E. PAGE driving the appointment of two additional DAVID M. SABLE initiatives across inclusion and diversity,
Independent Director since 2004 female directors with strong relevant Independent Director since 2013 protecting our planet and giving back to our
Chair - Nominating, Governance experience in technology and operations. As Member - Audit, Compensation, communities. David was selected as both a
and Corporate Social Responsibility and Nominating, Governance and
AEO’s first female director, Janice has been Top 10 Most Generous Marketing Geniuses
Committee Corporate Social Responsibility
a strong advocate for women and a valued by Fast Company and a Top 20 Must-Know
Member - Audit and Compensation Committees
Committees role model for our female associates. Global Influencer by LinkedIn.
“Over my extensive career at Sears Roebuck & Company, I rose to Group “As a Co-founder, Chairman, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Operating
Vice President, leading a variety of retail businesses. In this role, I was Officer and Senior Advisor to several successful companies, I have
responsible for crafting strategies to address unique branding, buying, worn countless hats over the years, providing exposure to a myriad of
marketing, merchandising and operational needs. Having led large responsibilities and challenges in the operating and marketing world.
departments, I appreciate and respect the complexities of inspiring Scaling and integrating organizations has allowed me to develop a
teams to achieve successful results. The breadth of this experience has unique eye for innovative ideas and experience firsthand, the power of
been invaluable as a director of the public companies I have served. a vision that marries profit with purpose and a culture that emphasizes
accountability for results and governance. Imparting these insights has
I believe AEO’s success is driven by its relentless pursuit of excellence. been central to my engagement across the public and private boards I
AEO’s culture, superior talent and powerful brands continue to fuel serve on.
growth and innovation while seeking to implement best practices in
every facet of the business.
I am both proud and grateful to be a member of the AEO Board. Long
before ESG was ‘fashionable’ our CEO and leadership were focused on
I am extremely proud that we have been able to significantly advance
doing the right things to achieve our goals and understood that purpose
AEO’s progress within Planet, People and Practices over the last several
is a business driver. We are a company where success is defined by
years. Our industry continues to evolve and we have the agility to
delivering returns to all stakeholders—our associates, investors, partners,
continue to navigate new responsibilities and challenges.”
vendors, the communities we touch, customers and the world.“

[Table 1 — Page 64]
A proven strategist and corporate executive with over 27 years of expansive retail apparel, merchandising, marketing and operating experience. Since 2004, Janice has been a highly engaged and influential board member. Her insights and guidance have been instrumental in helping us grow into a $5 billion multi-brand global company. Additionally, Janice has been passionate about AEO’s work in ESG, bringing it to the forefront of our strategy and ensuring board oversight. She has led the Board’s diversity, JANICE E. PAGE driving the appointment of two additional Independent Director since 2004 female directors with strong relevant Chair - Nominating, Governance experience in technology and operations. As and Corporate Social Responsibility AEO’s first female director, Janice has been Committee a strong advocate for women and a valued Member - Audit and Compensation Committees role model for our female associates.
----------------------------------------
“Over my extensive career at Sears Roebuck & Company, I rose to Group Vice President, leading a variety of retail businesses. In this role, I was responsible for crafting strategies to address unique branding, buying, marketing, merchandising and operational needs. Having led large departments, I appreciate and respect the complexities of inspiring teams to achieve successful results. The breadth of this experience has been invaluable as a director of the public companies I have served. I believe AEO’s success is driven by its relentless pursuit of excellence. AEO’s culture, superior talent and powerful brands continue to fuel growth and innovation while seeking to implement best practices in every facet of the business. I am extremely proud that we have been able to significantly advance AEO’s progress within Planet, People and Practices over the last several years. Our industry continues to evolve and we have the agility to continue to navigate new responsibilities and challenges.”

[Table 2 — Page 64]
A highly inspirational, creative thought leader who brings more than 30 years of leadership experience in advertising, marketing and digital entrepreneurship to AEO. David’s insights and diverse skill set has added tremendous value to our company and our brands. Since 2013, his creative energy has been instrumental in helping us craft our brand ethos and build genuine customer connections through innovative marketing campaigns. He has also been a passionate advocate for our DAVID M. SABLE initiatives across inclusion and diversity, Independent Director since 2013 protecting our planet and giving back to our Member - Audit, Compensation, communities. David was selected as both a and Nominating, Governance and Top 10 Most Generous Marketing Geniuses Corporate Social Responsibility by Fast Company and a Top 20 Must-Know Committees Global Influencer by LinkedIn.
----------------------------------------
“As a Co-founder, Chairman, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Senior Advisor to several successful companies, I have worn countless hats over the years, providing exposure to a myriad of responsibilities and challenges in the operating and marketing world. Scaling and integrating organizations has allowed me to develop a unique eye for innovative ideas and experience firsthand, the power of a vision that marries profit with purpose and a culture that emphasizes accountability for results and governance. Imparting these insights has been central to my engagement across the public and private boards I serve on. I am both proud and grateful to be a member of the AEO Board. Long before ESG was ‘fashionable’ our CEO and leadership were focused on doing the right things to achieve our goals and understood that purpose is a business driver. We are a company where success is defined by delivering returns to all stakeholders—our associates, investors, partners, vendors, the communities we touch, customers and the world.“ 63

CODE OF ETHICS & WORKPLACE CULTURE
Our Code of Ethics and Workplace Culture policies are provided to all associates during onboarding,
including corporate, distribution and store associates. Additionally, all corporate associates receive annual
training on these policies with associates in the United States also receiving annual training on Preventing
Workplace Harassment and Discrimination.
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption
Code of Ethics Guiding Principles: We have a zero tolerance policy for bribery and corruption within
our organization and with our business partners. Our Anti-Bribery and
• Accountability includes leading • Honesty is inclusive of our Anti-Corruption Policy provides strict guidelines around prohibited
by example, asking questions, anti-corruption and bribery activities, with annual training provided to all corporate associates on
and speaking up with no fear policy as well as other these topics. Our suppliers are also required to adhere to AEO’s Vendor
of retaliation. financial subjects. Code. Our operations are audited quarterly and annually as part of our
company-wide ethics and compliance program to ensure alignment with
• Being respectful means treating • Being authentic includes our policies.
each other and our customers customer privacy, security,
ethically and with dignity. product quality and other matters
Associate Hotline
that can impact our reputation.
AEO’s culture fosters an atmosphere of open communication and
encourages associates to speak up when they have concerns. In addition
to having the option to speak directly with Human Resources, department
managers, our General Counsel/Chief Compliance Officer or any
member of our Executive Leadership Team, associates also have access
to an associate hotline hosted by an independent provider to report
incidents in the workplace. The hotline is free, confidential and available
online and by telephone 24 hours a day, seven days a week, around
the world (interpreters are available). Associates have the option to
report anonymously and all issues raised through the hotline receive
fair, prompt and thorough investigation. Investigations are overseen by
the Compliance team in partnership with all appropriate departments
depending on the nature of the report, with quarterly updates provided
to the Audit Committee on the number of reports, nature of reports and
actions taken. The company prohibits any retaliation against associates
making a good faith report of a violation of our internal policies.

PURCHASING PRACTICES
Our policies aid in fulfilling our commitments to responsibly operate our supply chain.
Uzbek and Turkmen Cotton Ban Sandblasting Ban
In response to issues around forced and child labor practices, we In 2011, we banned sandblasting in the production of our denim as well as
have banned the use of cotton from Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan. the presence of sandblasting equipment in any facility producing for AEO.
Given the widespread improvements noted in Uzbekistan by the
International Labor Organization (ILO) we are in the process of re- Supply Chain Security
evaluating our position to allow cotton verified and traced to sources Since 2004, AEO has been a certified, validated member of the
meeting our standards. Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program (CTPAT), a
voluntary program offered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)
working with CBP to strengthen overall supply chain security. In 2016,
Raw Materials and Manufacturing in the Xinjiang Uygur
we were accepted into one of CBP’s Centers of Excellence and Expertise,
Autonomous Region in China
the Apparel, Footwear and Textiles Center.
Due to allegations of forced labor, we prohibit the manufacturing of
any product or the use of any raw material from this region.
Code of Conduct
We require our suppliers, sourcing agents, vendors, factories and their
Animal Welfare Policies own suppliers to share our vision of ethical and fair working conditions.
Our Code of Conduct outlines our minimum standards and is based on
We oppose the inhumane treatment of animals and do not tolerate
internationally accepted standards, including the International Labor
animal cruelty in the design, manufacturing or testing of our
Organization (ILO)’s core conventions and the Universal Declaration of
products, including our stance on specific materials and procedures.
Human Rights.

DATA PRIVACY & SECURITY
Providing data privacy and security protections Security Training - All AEO associates and Privacy Notice - AEO’s publicly available Privacy
for AEO customer information is critical to contractors with access to company systems are Notices outline how and why we collect and use
building and maintaining customer trust and required to complete an Information Security customer data across various brands’ websites, apps
supports our growth and success. Awareness Training program on an annual basis. and stores that proudly serve a variety of global
The training covers a wide variety of topics jurisdictions. We transparently collect and maintain
Customers entrust us with their persona designed to familiarize associates with the required consent from our customers across our
information. It is our responsibility to safeguard Information Security Program, set security platforms for the purposes stated in
that data as we use it in our business to ensure expectations, and provide guidance on how to our Privacy Notice.
our customers receive the best possible service help protect associates and AEO from internal or
and experience from our brands. external cyber threats at work and at home. Oversight - The Audit Committee receives
quarterly reports from the Chief Information
Incident Response - AEO maintains a
AEO has dedicated teams whose mission is to Security Officer on, among other things, the
comprehensive Incident Response Program that is
ensure that we comply with all applicable data company’s cyber risks and threats, the status of projtested annually through internal tabletop exercises
protection and privacy laws around the globe. ects to strengthen our information security systems,
and provides for notification of data subjects in the
The Audit Committee of the Board provides assessments of the company’s
event of a breach.
regular oversight to ensure these areas receive cybersecurity program, cyber insurance coverage
appropriate attention and resources. AEO’s information security program is in full and the emerging threats in this area.
compliance with the latest Payment Card Industry
Cybersecurity Team - To effectively identify, (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS), which includes New SEC Cybersecurity Disclosure Rules
protect, detect and respond to information but is not limited to annual policy updates and On July 26, 2023, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
security threats, we have a dedicated Chief review/attestation of compliance by an Commission adopted final rules regarding
Information Security Officer whose team leads independent PCI Qualified Security Assessor. cybersecurity risk management, strategy,
our enterprise-wide security strategy, policy, governance and incident reporting by public
Global Privacy Team - To ensure that AEO
standards, architecture and processes. companies. AEO intends to fully comply with
customer data is collected and used appropriately,
these new rules which are effective beginning
and in compliance with all relevant laws, our Global
Information Security Program/Policies - AEO’s in December 2023.
Privacy Team works closely with marketing,
Information Security Program and Policies are
technology, security and other business teams to
built upon industry best practices. This program
develop and execute enterprise-wide privacy
includes, but is not limited, to:
strategy, policy, standards and expectations. AEO’s
data protection policy covers all brands and
Independent Testing - The security team
subsidiaries. We also work to maintain contracts
commissions independent penetration testing
with third parties with whom we may share data
against its systems at least annually to identify
that include coverage for security and privacy
and mitigate security concerns.
risks up to AEO’s high standards.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Unless otherwise indicated, this report covers our fiscal year ended subject to future evolution and calibration. Such information is subject
January 28, 2023. to additional uncertainties, as there are limitations inherent in the data
collection and analysis methods. While we consider information from
This ESG report contains certain forward-looking statements based external resources and consultants to be reliable, we do not assume
on AEO’s current assumptions and expectations. These statements responsibility for its accuracy. Additionally, all numbers referenced are on
are typically accompanied by the words “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”),
“commit,” “could,” “drive,” “estimate, “envision,” “ensure,” “goal,” which should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements
“intend,” “may,” “might,” “mission,” “seek,” “strategy,” “strive,” “target” in this report, as well as other assumptions, risks, uncertainties and factors
and “will” or similar words or phrases. The principal forward-looking identified in this report.
statements in this report include: our sustainability goals, commitments
and programs; our social goals, initiatives, programs and objectives; The information contained in this ESG report also is subject to the quality
the scope and impact of ESG risks and opportunities; and standards and comprehensiveness of the reporting received by the Company from
and expectations of third parties. internal and external sources and, therefore, are approximate and/or
estimated values. It is also important to note that the availability of data
All of our forward-looking statements are intended to enjoy the varies from section to section in this report.
protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Our goals and commitments include aspirational components that may
Although we believe there is a reasonable basis for the forward- take years or decades to achieve. AEO cannot assure you that the results
looking statements, our actual results, including the achievement reflected or implied by any forward-looking statement will be realized or,
of our targets, goals or commitments, could differ materially. These even if substantially realized, that those results will have the forecasted or
forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations expected consequences and effects. We urge you to consider all of the
and judgments and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, risks, uncertainties and factors identified above or discussed in this and
many of which are unforeseeable and beyond our control. These other reports carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements in our
risks include, but are not limited to, our ability to achieve our stated reporting. The forward-looking statements in our reporting are made as of
diversity, equity and inclusion, ESG and sustainability, and climate the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update these
change goals, as well as those risks identified in Item 1A of our most forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports or circumstances or otherwise.
precision of our data collection and analysis methods, which are

APPENDIX

SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) is an independent standards-setting organization that promotes the disclosure of material sustainability
information to meet investor needs. This index refers to relevant indicators from the Apparel, Accessories & Footwear Standard.
Topic Accounting Metric Code AEO Response
Discussion of CG-AA-250a.1w AEO Inc. has a robust testing program to ensure compliance with our global safety protocols as well
processes to maintain as our Restricted Substance List (RSL). Our RSL is based on industry best practices, national and
compliance with international regulations, as well as our own internal standards and commitments, which may be above
and beyond government regulations. We work with a third-party accredited lab to assure we comply
restricted substances
with all regulatory chemical requirements in our products. We are notified of any chemical risks
regulations
immediately and work to resolve the issue with the supplier before goods are placed on the market.
Management
of Chemicals in Discussion of CG-AA-250a.2 AEO is committed to reducing the use and impact of harmful substances in our global supply chain.
Products processes to assess As part of that commitment, we maintain a Product Restricted Substance List (RSL), which is a dynamic
and manage risks and/ document that is updated semi-annually based on changes in global legislation and corporate
requirements. Our suppliers are required to follow our RSL as part of their Master Purchase Agreement,
or hazards associated
and we validate compliance with regular audits. We work closely with a third-party accredited lab for
with chemicals in
expert regulatory advice and updates. We also monitor high-risk chemicals of concern in the industry
products
with our third party accredited lab, industry groups such as AAFA, AFIRM Group, and RILA, and monitor
Prop 65 notices in CA. We recently made the decision to ban the use of Poly- and Perfluorinated
Alkyl Substances (PFAS) in our products. In early 2022, PFAS was added to our RSL as a “prohibited”
substance, and we have committed that there is no PFAS intentionally added to any AEO products.

[Table 1 — Page 70]
Topic | Accounting Metric | Code | AEO Response
----------------------------------------
Management of Chemicals in Products | Discussion of processes to maintain compliance with restricted substances regulations | CG-AA-250a.1w | AEO Inc. has a robust testing program to ensure compliance with our global safety protocols as well as our Restricted Substance List (RSL). Our RSL is based on industry best practices, national and international regulations, as well as our own internal standards and commitments, which may be above and beyond government regulations. We work with a third-party accredited lab to assure we comply with all regulatory chemical requirements in our products. We are notified of any chemical risks immediately and work to resolve the issue with the supplier before goods are placed on the market.
| Discussion of processes to assess and manage risks and/ or hazards associated with chemicals in products | CG-AA-250a.2 | AEO is committed to reducing the use and impact of harmful substances in our global supply chain. As part of that commitment, we maintain a Product Restricted Substance List (RSL), which is a dynamic document that is updated semi-annually based on changes in global legislation and corporate requirements. Our suppliers are required to follow our RSL as part of their Master Purchase Agreement, and we validate compliance with regular audits. We work closely with a third-party accredited lab for expert regulatory advice and updates. We also monitor high-risk chemicals of concern in the industry with our third party accredited lab, industry groups such as AAFA, AFIRM Group, and RILA, and monitor Prop 65 notices in CA. We recently made the decision to ban the use of Poly- and Perfluorinated Alkyl Substances (PFAS) in our products. In early 2022, PFAS was added to our RSL as a “prohibited” substance, and we have committed that there is no PFAS intentionally added to any AEO products.

AEO Response
Topic Accounting Metric Code
Percentage of (1) Tier 1 CG-AA- Apparel production involves a large quantity of water and needs to be treated properly. In 2013,
supplier facilities and (2) 430a.1 we created the AEO Wastewater Management Standard to provide factories with guidance on
supplier facilities beyond Tier how to properly manage water and make sure that water is safe before it is discharged. In 2017,
we launched our Water Leadership Program, which sets expectations for our denim factories and
1 in compliance with wastewoven mills on wastewater, water reduction, water recycling and chemical management. Each year,
water discharge permits and/
our expectations increase as we work with our factories toward meeting our overall water goals.
or contractual agreement
Factories that meet our requirements receive higher scores on our vendor scorecard and are
prioritized for receiving business.
We work with key laundries to implement new technologies and equipment that greatly decrease
overall water needs for garment finishing and washing, ultimately reducing the amount needed to
be discharged. Our manufacturers and laundries have made investments to develop new
approaches and install computer-controlled washing machines that use a fraction of the water
used by conventional washers, as well as other technologies such as nebulization.
Many of our laundries are using Jeanologia’s Environmental Impact Monitoring (EIM) software as an
initial step toward measuring and building more sustainable processes. The EIM software assesses
Environmental
the environmental impact of the garment finishing process in four areas: water consumption, enerImpacts in the gy consumption, chemical use and worker health.
Supply Chain
We first met our goal to reduce water use per jean by 30% by 2023 two years early in FY2021. We
have now extended our goal for a 50% reduction by 2025, and a total water reduction of 30%
across all products by 2028.
In 2022, we surpassed our goal to recycle 50% of total water used in denim, and have set new
targets here as well with a plan for 70% water recycled by 2025.
Our goal for 100% of eligible, water-intensive factories, mills and laundries to adhere to our AEO
Wastewater Management Standards by 2023 was met two years early in FY2021, and we continue
to follow this with 56 laundries and dye houses and 94 fabric mills submitting annual wastewater
tests.
Tier 1: 100% of strategic laundries are in compliance with conventional parameters and 95% are
compliance with MRSL parameters.
Tier 2: 98% of strategic fabric mills are in compliance with conventional parameters and 89% are
compliance with MRSL parameters.
Percentage of (1) Tier 1 CG-AA- In FY2022 AEO worked with 234 Tier 1 facilities considered strategic apparel cut-sew facilities
supplier facilities and (2) 430a.1 (representing more than 90% of 2022 procurement volume). Our Tier 1 subcontracted wet process
supplier facilities beyond Tier facilities include all active denim laundries and strategic dyeing house/ laundries for non-denim
products.
1 that have completed the
Sustainable Apparel T1 strategic apparel vendors: 234 (FEM completed); 188 (verified); 80% verification rate
Coalition’s Higg Facility
T1 subcontracted wet process facilities: 39 (FEM completed); 34 (verified); 87% verification rate
Environmental Module (Higg
FEM) assessment or T2 denim fabric mills, and strategic fabric mills: 113 (FEM completed); 103 (verified); 91%
an equivalent environmental verification rate
data assessment

[Table 1 — Page 71]
Topic | Accounting Metric | Code | AEO Response
----------------------------------------
Environmental Impacts in the Supply Chain | Percentage of (1) Tier 1 supplier facilities and (2) supplier facilities beyond Tier 1 in compliance with waste- water discharge permits and/ or contractual agreement | CG-AA- 430a.1 | Apparel production involves a large quantity of water and needs to be treated properly. In 2013, we created the AEO Wastewater Management Standard to provide factories with guidance on how to properly manage water and make sure that water is safe before it is discharged. In 2017, we launched our Water Leadership Program, which sets expectations for our denim factories and woven mills on wastewater, water reduction, water recycling and chemical management. Each year, our expectations increase as we work with our factories toward meeting our overall water goals. Factories that meet our requirements receive higher scores on our vendor scorecard and are prioritized for receiving business. We work with key laundries to implement new technologies and equipment that greatly decrease overall water needs for garment finishing and washing, ultimately reducing the amount needed to be discharged. Our manufacturers and laundries have made investments to develop new approaches and install computer-controlled washing machines that use a fraction of the water used by conventional washers, as well as other technologies such as nebulization. Many of our laundries are using Jeanologia’s Environmental Impact Monitoring (EIM) software as an initial step toward measuring and building more sustainable processes. The EIM software assesses the environmental impact of the garment finishing process in four areas: water consumption, ener- gy consumption, chemical use and worker health. We first met our goal to reduce water use per jean by 30% by 2023 two years early in FY2021. We have now extended our goal for a 50% reduction by 2025, and a total water reduction of 30% across all products by 2028. In 2022, we surpassed our goal to recycle 50% of total water used in denim, and have set new targets here as well with a plan for 70% water recycled by 2025. Our goal for 100% of eligible, water-intensive factories, mills and laundries to adhere to our AEO Wastewater Management Standards by 2023 was met two years early in FY2021, and we continue to follow this with 56 laundries and dye houses and 94 fabric mills submitting annual wastewater tests. Tier 1: 100% of strategic laundries are in compliance with conventional parameters and 95% are compliance with MRSL parameters. Tier 2: 98% of strategic fabric mills are in compliance with conventional parameters and 89% are compliance with MRSL parameters.
| | |
| Percentage of (1) Tier 1 supplier facilities and (2) supplier facilities beyond Tier 1 that have completed the Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s Higg Facility Environmental Module (Higg FEM) assessment or an equivalent environmental data assessment | CG-AA- 430a.1 | In FY2022 AEO worked with 234 Tier 1 facilities considered strategic apparel cut-sew facilities (representing more than 90% of 2022 procurement volume). Our Tier 1 subcontracted wet process facilities include all active denim laundries and strategic dyeing house/ laundries for non-denim products. T1 strategic apparel vendors: 234 (FEM completed); 188 (verified); 80% verification rate T1 subcontracted wet process facilities: 39 (FEM completed); 34 (verified); 87% verification rate T2 denim fabric mills, and strategic fabric mills: 113 (FEM completed); 103 (verified); 91% verification rate
| | |

AEO Response
Topic Accounting Metric Code
Percentage of (1) Tier 1 CG-AA- CG-AA-430b.1
supplier facilities and (2) 430b.1
1. We define Tier 1 factories as the origin-conferring (according to U.S. Customs) facilities with
supplier facilities beyond Tier
whom we directly place purchase orders for finished product. In 2022, 81% of our active factories
1 that have been audited to that were in scope for our social monitoring program received an audit. We view social audits as
a labor code of conduct, (3) one of many tools that we use to engage with our supply chain. We use multiple criteria to
percentage of total audits decide which factories will be audited in a given year. For example, we may choose to engage with
Labor Conditions conducted by a third-party factories via ongoing training programs or onsite visits from an AEO Responsible Sourcing team
in the Supply auditor member to follow up on open issues.
Chain
2. Facilities beyond Tier 1 that are eligible for audits include mills, trim suppliers, subcontractors
and denim laundries. In 2022, 36 facilities beyond Tier 1 were either audited by our internal team
or participated in third-party audit programs, such as SLCP.
3. 83% of our Tier 1 factories were audited by third-party companies in 2022. All audits for facilities
beyond tier 2 were conducted by third parties.
Priority non-conformance CG-AA- We have an extensive rating system that is used to flag factories that require urgent or complicated
rate and associated corrective 430b.2 solutions to issues identified during audits. In 2022, 25% of audits for active factories were rated
action rate for suppliers’ labor Orange and 1% were rated Red according to our rating system, which required close follow-up and
may have resulted in business consequences, depending on the circumstances.
code of conduct audits
(1) Amount of priority raw CG-AA- Recycled Cotton - 900 metric tons
materials purchased, by 440a.4
Organic Cotton - 90 metric tons
material, and (2) amount of
Raw Materials each priority raw material Better Cotton - 28,077 metric tons
Sourcing that is certified to a third- Recycled Polyester - 2,984 metric tons
party environmental and/or
Recycled Nylon - 1,521 metric tons
social standard, by standard

[Table 1 — Page 72]
Topic | Accounting Metric | Code | AEO Response
----------------------------------------
Labor Conditions in the Supply Chain | Percentage of (1) Tier 1 supplier facilities and (2) supplier facilities beyond Tier 1 that have been audited to a labor code of conduct, (3) percentage of total audits conducted by a third-party auditor | CG-AA- 430b.1 | CG-AA-430b.1 1. We define Tier 1 factories as the origin-conferring (according to U.S. Customs) facilities with whom we directly place purchase orders for finished product. In 2022, 81% of our active factories that were in scope for our social monitoring program received an audit. We view social audits as one of many tools that we use to engage with our supply chain. We use multiple criteria to decide which factories will be audited in a given year. For example, we may choose to engage with factories via ongoing training programs or onsite visits from an AEO Responsible Sourcing team member to follow up on open issues. 2. Facilities beyond Tier 1 that are eligible for audits include mills, trim suppliers, subcontractors and denim laundries. In 2022, 36 facilities beyond Tier 1 were either audited by our internal team or participated in third-party audit programs, such as SLCP. 3. 83% of our Tier 1 factories were audited by third-party companies in 2022. All audits for facilities beyond tier 2 were conducted by third parties.
| | |
| Priority non-conformance rate and associated corrective action rate for suppliers’ labor code of conduct audits | CG-AA- 430b.2 | We have an extensive rating system that is used to flag factories that require urgent or complicated solutions to issues identified during audits. In 2022, 25% of audits for active factories were rated Orange and 1% were rated Red according to our rating system, which required close follow-up and may have resulted in business consequences, depending on the circumstances.
| | |
Raw Materials Sourcing | (1) Amount of priority raw materials purchased, by material, and (2) amount of each priority raw material that is certified to a third- party environmental and/or social standard, by standard | CG-AA- 440a.4 | Recycled Cotton - 900 metric tons Organic Cotton - 90 metric tons Better Cotton - 28,077 metric tons Recycled Polyester - 2,984 metric tons Recycled Nylon - 1,521 metric tons

TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX
TCFD Metrics AEO Response
a. Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C1.1a, C1.1b
and opportunities.
Governance
b. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C1.2
climate-related risks and opportunities.
a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a
organization has identified over the short, medium and
long term.
b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.2a, C3.2b,
Strategy on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. C3.3, C3.4
c. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking
into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b
2°C or lower scenario.
a. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a
assessing climate-related risks.
b. Describe the organization’s processes for managing 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1, C2.2
climate-related risks.
Risk Management
c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1, C2.2
managing climate-related risks are integrated into the
organization’s overall risk management.
a. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C4.2, C4.2a
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy 2022 ESG Report: Page 21
and risk management process.
b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C6.5a
Metrics & Targets
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks. 2022 ESG Report: Pages 73-74
c. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C4.1, C4.1a, C4.2, C4.2a,
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 2022 ESG Report: Page 21
against targets.

[Table 1 — Page 73]
| TCFD Metrics | AEO Response
----------------------------------------
Governance | a. Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C1.1a, C1.1b
| b. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C1.2
Strategy | a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a
| b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3, C3.4
| c. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b
Risk Management | a. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a
| b. Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1, C2.2
| c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C2.1, C2.2
Metrics & Targets | a. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C4.2, C4.2a 2022 ESG Report: Page 21
| b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C6.5a 2022 ESG Report: Pages 73-74
| c. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. | 2023 CDP Climate Change Disclosure: C4.1, C4.1a, C4.2, C4.2a, 2022 ESG Report: Page 21

ANNUAL GHG INVENTORY RESULTS
1. GHG Emissions
GHG Emissions Summary (metric tons CO e)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Scope 1 11,537 11,784 10,340 11,803 12,343
Scope 21 71,930 56,318 45,161 43,205 45,476
Total Scope 1&2 83,467 68,102 55,501 55,008 57,819
Scope 1 GHG Emissions Breakdown (metric tons CO e)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Emissions Category
Stationary Combustion 6,943 7,257 7,263 7,453 7,849
Mobile Combustion 3,393 3,314 1,759 3,029 3,069
Refrigerants 1,201 1,214 1,318 1,322 1,425
Total Scope 1 11,537 11,784 10,340 11,803 12,343
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Breakdown (metric tons CO e)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Emissions Category
Electricity 71,893 56,258 45,129 43,170 45,436
Chilled Water 37 60 32 35 39
Total Scope 2 71,930 56,318 45,161 43,205 45,476
Scope 1&2 GHG Emissions Breakdown by Region (metric tons CO e)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Emissions Category
North America 82,456 66,951 54,432 53,848 55,289
Central America 722 827 434 376 1,271
Eastern Asia 289 224 634 784 1,259
Total Scope 1&2 83,467 68,102 55,501 55,008 57,819

[Table 1 — Page 74]
1. GHG Emissions | | | | |
----------------------------------------
GHG Emissions Summary (metric tons CO e) 2 | | | | |
| 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Scope 1 | 11,537 | 11,784 | 10,340 | 11,803 | 12,343
Scope 21 | 71,930 | 56,318 | 45,161 | 43,205 | 45,476
Total Scope 1&2 | 83,467 | 68,102 | 55,501 | 55,008 | 57,819

[Table 2 — Page 74]
Scope 1 GHG Emissions Breakdown (metric tons CO e) 2 | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Emissions Category | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Stationary Combustion | 6,943 | 7,257 | 7,263 | 7,453 | 7,849
Mobile Combustion | 3,393 | 3,314 | 1,759 | 3,029 | 3,069
Refrigerants | 1,201 | 1,214 | 1,318 | 1,322 | 1,425
Total Scope 1 | 11,537 | 11,784 | 10,340 | 11,803 | 12,343

[Table 3 — Page 74]
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Breakdown (metric tons CO e) 2 | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Emissions Category | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Electricity | 71,893 | 56,258 | 45,129 | 43,170 | 45,436
Chilled Water | 37 | 60 | 32 | 35 | 39
Total Scope 2 | 71,930 | 56,318 | 45,161 | 43,205 | 45,476

[Table 4 — Page 74]
Scope 1&2 GHG Emissions Breakdown by Region (metric tons CO e) 2 | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Emissions Category | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
North America | 82,456 | 66,951 | 54,432 | 53,848 | 55,289
Central America | 722 | 827 | 434 | 376 | 1,271
Eastern Asia | 289 | 224 | 634 | 784 | 1,259
Total Scope 1&2 | 83,467 | 68,102 | 55,501 | 55,008 | 57,819

Scope 3 Emissions Breakdown (metric tons CO e)2
2018 2020 2021 2022
Emissions Category
Purchased Goods and Services 927,000 929,000 1,122,000 1,134,000
Capital Goods 7,600 5,300 9,800 10,000
Fuel and Energy - Related Activites (not calculated) 9,000 12,000 11,000
Upstream Transportation and Distribution 131,200 78,000 150,400 58,700
Waste Generated in Operations 51,000 49,000 30,000 29,000
Business Travel 6,000 1,000 2,000 5,000
Employee Communiting (not calculated) 14,500 23,600 29,800
Downstream Transportation and Distribution 2,900 3,200 3,200 2,900
Use of Sold Products 2,005,000 1,861,000 2,171,000 2,172,000
End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products (not calculated) 89,000 38,000 38,000
Franchises 13,000 19,000 19,000 20,000
Total Scope 3 3,143,763 3,058,111 3,580,928 3,510,658
2. Energy/Electricity (kWh)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Energy Use 198,301,858 245,005,798 191,173,198 200,698,914 206,570,708
Total Electricity Consumption3 160,097,543 164,067,700 151,137,780 159,606,616 163,519,206
Energy Use by Facility Type (kWh)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Facility Type
Store 96,554,633 98,325,051 83,085,906 89,490,219 94,453,702
Warehouse 59,654,573 65,625,267 68,514,071 68,466,240 68,299,996
Outlet 24,782,172 43,942,320 23,970,374 27,246,362 28,391,217
Office 13,256,775 33,251,604 12,094,085 12,128,325 12,174,224
Data Center 4,053,705 3,861,556 3,508,763 3,367,768 3,251,570
Total 198,301,858 245,005,798 191,173,198 200,698,914 206,570,708

[Table 1 — Page 75]
Scope 3 Emissions Breakdown (metric tons CO e)2 2 | | | |
----------------------------------------
Emissions Category | 2018 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Purchased Goods and Services | 927,000 | 929,000 | 1,122,000 | 1,134,000
Capital Goods | 7,600 | 5,300 | 9,800 | 10,000
Fuel and Energy - Related Activites | (not calculated) | 9,000 | 12,000 | 11,000
Upstream Transportation and Distribution | 131,200 | 78,000 | 150,400 | 58,700
Waste Generated in Operations | 51,000 | 49,000 | 30,000 | 29,000
Business Travel | 6,000 | 1,000 | 2,000 | 5,000
Employee Communiting | (not calculated) | 14,500 | 23,600 | 29,800
Downstream Transportation and Distribution | 2,900 | 3,200 | 3,200 | 2,900
Use of Sold Products | 2,005,000 | 1,861,000 | 2,171,000 | 2,172,000
End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products | (not calculated) | 89,000 | 38,000 | 38,000
Franchises | 13,000 | 19,000 | 19,000 | 20,000
Total Scope 3 | 3,143,763 | 3,058,111 | 3,580,928 | 3,510,658

[Table 2 — Page 75]
2. Energy/Electricity (kWh) | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Total Energy Use | 198,301,858 | 245,005,798 | 191,173,198 | 200,698,914 | 206,570,708
Total Electricity Consumption3 | 160,097,543 | 164,067,700 | 151,137,780 | 159,606,616 | 163,519,206

[Table 3 — Page 75]
Energy Use by Facility Type (kWh) | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Facility Type | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Store | 96,554,633 | 98,325,051 | 83,085,906 | 89,490,219 | 94,453,702
Warehouse | 59,654,573 | 65,625,267 | 68,514,071 | 68,466,240 | 68,299,996
Outlet | 24,782,172 | 43,942,320 | 23,970,374 | 27,246,362 | 28,391,217
Office | 13,256,775 | 33,251,604 | 12,094,085 | 12,128,325 | 12,174,224
Data Center | 4,053,705 | 3,861,556 | 3,508,763 | 3,367,768 | 3,251,570
Total | 198,301,858 | 245,005,798 | 191,173,198 | 200,698,914 | 206,570,708

Total Renewable Energy Use (kWh)
Facility Type 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Energy Use % Total Energy Use % Total Energy Use % Total Energy Use % Total Energy Use %
(kWh) (kWh) (kWh) (kWh) (kWh)
2,802,057 2% 30,075,123 18% 32,416,471 21% 39,903,127 25% 37,502,300 23%
Renewable Energy
Non-Renewable Energy 157,295,486 98% 133,992,577 82% 118,721,308 79% 119,703,489 75% 126,016,906 77%
Renewable Energy4 by Facility Type (kWh)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Facility Type
Store 189,413 5,357,704 7,214,12 12,996,189 11,370,376
Warehouse 1,404,478 12,980,736 12,914,266 13,177,805 12,856,068
Outlet 63,081 1,124,025 1,806,295 3,581,129 3,078,915
Office 582,897 6,790,364 7,014,544 6,843,054 7,006,053
Data Center 562,188 3,822,294 3,467,245 3,304,949 3,190,889
Total 2,802,057 30,075,123 32,416,471 39,903,127 37,502,300
Average Energy Use/Normalized Electrical Power Usage (kWh/sqft)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Average Energy Use 17.9 18.2 14.3 16.4 14.7
3. Fleet Fuel Consumption (gallons)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Fuel Summary
Total Fleet5 93,993 118,988 83,530 70,889 97,364
Footnotes:
1 Scope 2 emissions are calculated using the market-based approach, which allows us to account for renewable energy in our footprint.
2 In 2020, we completed a re-baseline of our scope 3 emissions. We also completed calculations for three new categories.
3 All electricity purchased and consumed from the grid.
4 All renewable energy are purchased Green-e Certified renewable energy credits (RECs) for facilities in Connecticut, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas.
5 All fuels are from non-renewable sources.

[Table 1 — Page 76]
Total Renewable Energy Use (kWh) | | | | | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Facility Type | 2018 | | 2019 | | 2020 | | 2021 | | 2022 |
| Total Energy Use (kWh) | % | Total Energy Use (kWh) | % | Total Energy Use (kWh) | % | Total Energy Use (kWh) | % | Total Energy Use (kWh) | %
Renewable Energy | 2,802,057 | 2% | 30,075,123 | 18% | 32,416,471 | 21% | 39,903,127 | 25% | 37,502,300 | 23%
Non-Renewable Energy | 157,295,486 | 98% | 133,992,577 | 82% | 118,721,308 | 79% | 119,703,489 | 75% | 126,016,906 | 77%

[Table 2 — Page 76]
Renewable Energy4 by Facility Type (kWh) | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Facility Type | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Store | 189,413 | 5,357,704 | 7,214,12 | 12,996,189 | 11,370,376
Warehouse | 1,404,478 | 12,980,736 | 12,914,266 | 13,177,805 | 12,856,068
Outlet | 63,081 | 1,124,025 | 1,806,295 | 3,581,129 | 3,078,915
Office | 582,897 | 6,790,364 | 7,014,544 | 6,843,054 | 7,006,053
Data Center | 562,188 | 3,822,294 | 3,467,245 | 3,304,949 | 3,190,889
Total | 2,802,057 | 30,075,123 | 32,416,471 | 39,903,127 | 37,502,300

[Table 3 — Page 76]
Average Energy Use/Normalized Electrical Power Usage (kWh/sqft) | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Average Energy Use | 17.9 | 18.2 | 14.3 | 16.4 | 14.7

[Table 4 — Page 76]
3. Fleet Fuel Consumption (gallons) | | | | |
----------------------------------------
Fuel Summary | 2018 | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
Total Fleet5 | 93,993 | 118,988 | 83,530 | 70,889 | 97,364

GHG VERIFICATION STATEMENT
American Eagle Outfitters – 2022 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory
Ruby Canyon Environmental, Inc. (RCE) conducted the verification of The data and information supporting the GHG statement were
American Eagle Outfitters GHG Emissions Inventory (Project) according historical and estimated in nature.
to the requirements found in ISO 14064-3:2019. The objective of this
Based on the examination of the evidence, nothing comes
verification was to ensure that the GHG statement is materially correct and
to RCE’s attention which gives cause to believe that the GHG
conforms to all relevant criteria. The GHG statement is the responsibility
statement is not a fair representation of GHG data and
of American Eagle Outfitters.
information.
A summary of the GHG statement is as follows:
RCE confirms that there is no evidence that the GHG statement
•GHG-related activity: AEO is a retail clothing and accessories has not been prepared:
company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. AEO’s Scope 1 and 2
• Without material discrepancy,
inventory boundary includes global facilities open during the fiscal
• In accordance with all applicable criteria, and
year. AEO’s operational components (facilities) include Scope 1
• Verified to a limited level of assurance.
emissions from stationary combustion, mobile combustion, and
refrigerants; Scope 2 emissions were calculated using market-based
and location-based approach.
•GHG statement: 02/01/2022 – 01/31/2023
•Criteria:
• The Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol):
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, World
Resources Institute and World Business Council for
Sustainable Development, March 2004.
• ISO 14064-3:2019 “Greenhouse gases – Part 3:
Specification with guidance for the validation and
verification of greenhouse gas assertions”.

COMPLETE MATERIAL TOPIC LIST
Category Material Topic Material Topic Description
Climate Climate change Using Science-Based targets, limit emissions and climate change contributions while building business and
community resilience.
Energy & emissions Reduce greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency initiatives and renewable energy generation
and procurement.
Biodiversity Combat the main threats to biodiversity—habitat loss, pollution and the unsustainable use of resources
- by conscientiously sourcing raw materials, ensuring responsible production practices and providing
Environment customers with opportunities to reduce their impact.
Circularity Circular economy Design products to be easily recycled at end of life. Divert waste from landfill by collecting post-consumer
apparel waste to give it a new purpose.
Packaging Reduce excess packaging and product labels, with a focus on plastics, and transition to more sustainable
options.
Waste Reduce apparel waste in manufacturing and waste in operations.
Resource Sustainable materials Increase the use of sustainable materials in our products, including recycled and organic content, as well as
Management other sustainably sourced materials.
Water stewardship & Manage and preserve water by working with factories to reduce the amount of water needed to make our
wastewater products, and increase water recycling.
Chemicals management Manage the chemicals used by factories making our products in order to maintain compliance, manage
risks and ensure safety for factory workers, our customers and the environment.
Human Rights Forced labor Ensure that our supply chain is free from all forms of forced, involuntary or trafficked labor, including prison,
in the Supply bonded and indentured.
Chain
Labor conditions Ensure that the partner factories who make our products are providing a safe working environment for their
Social
employees. Ensure that human rights are respected in our supply chain. Work towards living wages for
factory workers.
Gender equity Continuously push for greater gender equity in our supply chain.

[Table 1 — Page 78]
| Category | Material Topic | Material Topic Description
----------------------------------------
Environment | Climate | Climate change | Using Science-Based targets, limit emissions and climate change contributions while building business and community resilience.
| | Energy & emissions | Reduce greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency initiatives and renewable energy generation and procurement.
| | Biodiversity | Combat the main threats to biodiversity—habitat loss, pollution and the unsustainable use of resources - by conscientiously sourcing raw materials, ensuring responsible production practices and providing customers with opportunities to reduce their impact.
| Circularity | Circular economy | Design products to be easily recycled at end of life. Divert waste from landfill by collecting post-consumer apparel waste to give it a new purpose.
| | Packaging | Reduce excess packaging and product labels, with a focus on plastics, and transition to more sustainable options.
| | Waste | Reduce apparel waste in manufacturing and waste in operations.
| Resource Management | Sustainable materials | Increase the use of sustainable materials in our products, including recycled and organic content, as well as other sustainably sourced materials.
| | Water stewardship & wastewater | Manage and preserve water by working with factories to reduce the amount of water needed to make our products, and increase water recycling.
| | Chemicals management | Manage the chemicals used by factories making our products in order to maintain compliance, manage risks and ensure safety for factory workers, our customers and the environment.
Social | Human Rights in the Supply Chain | Forced labor | Ensure that our supply chain is free from all forms of forced, involuntary or trafficked labor, including prison, bonded and indentured.
| | Labor conditions | Ensure that the partner factories who make our products are providing a safe working environment for their employees. Ensure that human rights are respected in our supply chain. Work towards living wages for factory workers.
| | Gender equity | Continuously push for greater gender equity in our supply chain.

Category Material Topic Material Topic Description
Human IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Create an environment where everyone feels respected and empowered, and continue to grow as a
Capital Equity & Access community that promotes individuality and difference.
Management
Health, safety & wellbeing Connect associates to resources, incentives and rewards that support their physical, financial, emotional
and social wellbeing.
Fair wages Pay our associates fairly and equitably, make pay decisions based on consistent and fair criteria, and
engage outside counsel to ensure no systematic differences in pay exist.
Employee engagement, Provide resources for associates to achieve personal and career growth by continuously improving our
Social development & talent development process, performance metrics, mentorship opportunities and people analytics.
recognition
Community Community engagement Create positive change in our communities by giving back to causes that are important to both our
Impact & charitable giving customers and associates.
Women’s empowerment Promote the health and wellbeing of women to create positive change, both in our communities and
globally in our supply chain, by investing in skills training and expanding opportunities for personal and
professional advancement.
Consumer Product quality & safety Ensure that our products meet or exceed our high standards for quality and safety.
Trust
Consumption behaviors Help customers understand how to care for their clothes to extend their lifespan, and reduce the negative
environmental impacts associated with washing and end-of-life disposal.
Body image Promote body confidence and celebrate the individuality of our customers by supporting the prevention of,
and reducing the stigma associated with, eating disorders and body dysmorphia.
Responsible Ethical & transparent Hold ourselves to the highest ethical standards and effective corporate governance to ensure that all
Business business practices business is conducted free from any form of corruption.
Privacy & data security Protect the privacy and integrity of data for both our customers and company.
Supply Chain Logistics Optimize inventory, accelerate online deliveries, reduce miles traveled and reduce carbon emissions in our
Management manufacturing and product shipping processes, through our innovative and industry-leading logistics and
Governance
supply chain capabilities.
Responsible buying A mindful approach to corporate sourcing that evaluates possible impacts to suppliers, positive and
practices negative, while making purchasing decisions.
Traceability Publish public supplier lists. Improve the traceability of the raw materials that go into our products and
of partners in deeper tiers of our supply chain.

[Table 1 — Page 79]
| Category | Material Topic | Material Topic Description
----------------------------------------
| Human Capital Management | IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity & Access | Create an environment where everyone feels respected and empowered, and continue to grow as a community that promotes individuality and difference.
| | Health, safety & wellbeing | Connect associates to resources, incentives and rewards that support their physical, financial, emotional and social wellbeing.
| | Fair wages | Pay our associates fairly and equitably, make pay decisions based on consistent and fair criteria, and engage outside counsel to ensure no systematic differences in pay exist.
Social | | Employee engagement, development & recognition | Provide resources for associates to achieve personal and career growth by continuously improving our talent development process, performance metrics, mentorship opportunities and people analytics.
| Community Impact | Community engagement & charitable giving | Create positive change in our communities by giving back to causes that are important to both our customers and associates.
| | Women’s empowerment | Promote the health and wellbeing of women to create positive change, both in our communities and globally in our supply chain, by investing in skills training and expanding opportunities for personal and professional advancement.
| Consumer Trust | Product quality & safety | Ensure that our products meet or exceed our high standards for quality and safety.
| | Consumption behaviors | Help customers understand how to care for their clothes to extend their lifespan, and reduce the negative environmental impacts associated with washing and end-of-life disposal.
| | Body image | Promote body confidence and celebrate the individuality of our customers by supporting the prevention of, and reducing the stigma associated with, eating disorders and body dysmorphia.
Governance | Responsible Business | Ethical & transparent business practices | Hold ourselves to the highest ethical standards and effective corporate governance to ensure that all business is conducted free from any form of corruption.
| | Privacy & data security | Protect the privacy and integrity of data for both our customers and company.
| Supply Chain Management | Logistics | Optimize inventory, accelerate online deliveries, reduce miles traveled and reduce carbon emissions in our manufacturing and product shipping processes, through our innovative and industry-leading logistics and supply chain capabilities.
| | Responsible buying practices | A mindful approach to corporate sourcing that evaluates possible impacts to suppliers, positive and negative, while making purchasing decisions.
| | Traceability | Publish public supplier lists. Improve the traceability of the raw materials that go into our products and of partners in deeper tiers of our supply chain.

MEMBERSHIPS & ASSOCIATIONS
AEO, the AEO Foundation and the Aerie Real
Foundation partner with these organizations to
AEO is proud to support these leading organizations and initiatives:
support causes that are important to our
customers and associates:
American Apparel & Footwear Association (AAFA) RE100 Anti-Defamation League (ADL)
Apparel Impact Institute (AII) Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) Big Brothers Big Sisters
Apparel & Footwear Industry Commitment to
Responsible Recruitment RISE: Reimagining Industry to Support Equality Bring Change to Mind
Better Cotton Initiative Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) Delivering Good
CanopyStyle Initiative Sustainable Apparel Coalition (SAC) Free The Girls
Cotton Inc. Blue Jeans Go Green Textile Exchange Good360
Fabscrap The Jeans Redesign Project Feeding America
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
First Mile Initiative Change’s (UNFCCC) Fashion Industry Charter for Harlem’s Fashion Row
Climate Action
Give Back Box U.S. Fashion Industry Association (USFIA) HeadCount
International Labor Organization/IFC Better Work
Program U.S. Green Building Council It Gets Better Project
Jeanologia EIM U.S. Cotton Trust Protocol Legal Defense Fund
International Accord for Health and Safety in the
LEED Green Building Certification Textile and Garment Industry (Including Pakistan National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA)
and Bangladesh)
National Retail Federation (NRF) PERIOD.
Special Olympics
The Pittsburgh Promise

[Table 1 — Page 80]
AEO is proud to support these leading organizations | and initiatives: | AEO, the AEO Foundation and the Aerie Real Foundation partner with these organizations to support causes that are important to our customers and associates:
----------------------------------------
American Apparel & Footwear Association (AAFA) | RE100 | Anti-Defamation League (ADL)
Apparel Impact Institute (AII) | Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) | Big Brothers Big Sisters
Apparel & Footwear Industry Commitment to Responsible Recruitment | RISE: Reimagining Industry to Support Equality | Bring Change to Mind
Better Cotton Initiative | Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) | Delivering Good
CanopyStyle Initiative | Sustainable Apparel Coalition (SAC) | Free The Girls
Cotton Inc. Blue Jeans Go Green | Textile Exchange | Good360
Fabscrap | The Jeans Redesign Project | Feeding America
First Mile Initiative | United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change’s (UNFCCC) Fashion Industry Charter for Climate Action | Harlem’s Fashion Row
Give Back Box | U.S. Fashion Industry Association (USFIA) | HeadCount
International Labor Organization/IFC Better Work Program | U.S. Green Building Council | It Gets Better Project
Jeanologia EIM | U.S. Cotton Trust Protocol | Legal Defense Fund
LEED Green Building Certification | International Accord for Health and Safety in the Textile and Garment Industry (Including Pakistan and Bangladesh) | National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA)
National Retail Federation (NRF) | | PERIOD.
| | Special Olympics
| | The Pittsburgh Promise

For questions regarding this report, contact
us at AEOBetterWorld@ae.com.