Environmental
Progress
Report
Behind every
Apple product
is a plan for
the future
Covering fiscal year 2022
Last updated October 2023

2023 Environmental Progress Report 2
Contents
Introduction
3 Letter from Lisa Jackson
4 Report highlights
5 Our environmental strategy
6 Goals
Climate Change
8 Goals and progress
9 Our approach
14 Low-carbon design
17 Energy efficiency
20 Clean electricity
26 Direct emissions abatement
27 Carbon removal
Resources
32 Goals and progress
33 Our approach
34 Materials
48 Water
52 Zero waste
Smarter Chemistry
57 Goals and progress
58 Our approach
59 Mapping and engagement
62 Assessment and management
64 Innovation
Engagement and Advocacy
68 Our approach
68 Listening
69 Achieving change together
71 Supporting communities
Appendix
76 A: Environmental data
85 B: Corporate facilities energy supplement
94 C: Supplier Clean Energy Program supplement
99 D: Assurance and review statements
108 E: Environment, Health and Safety Policy
110 F: ISO 14001 certification
112 Report notes
113 End notes
Cover photo: Our goal is for all Apple products
to have net-zero carbon impact by 2030.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 3
Reflections
Apple is on a journey to 2030. packaging around your Mac. We’re transforming so many aspects of the Equity remains a central focus of our investments in clean energy and
way we make our technology, and with our Product Environment Reports, green technology. We continue to grow our Impact Accelerator, which
In 2020, we reached carbon neutral for our corporate operations, but you’ll see where we’ve made progress and where the hard work remains. invests in the next generation of innovative, diverse entrepreneurs in fields
we always knew we could do more. So we set an even more ambitious like clean energy, recycling, and green chemistry. We’ve also expanded
goal — to make our products carbon neutral by 2030, across our entire One thing is clear: We’re closer than ever to the day you can hold your our Power for Impact program, which brings renewable projects to
supply chain and the lifetime energy use of our customers’ devices. Apple device and be confident in the knowledge that it has net-zero communities around the world — from neighborhoods in rural South
Teams across Apple quickly got to work, and thanks to their innovations, carbon impact. There are few companies that can make that claim — let Africa to underresourced schools in the Philippines. We believe the best
we’ve made extraordinary progress. alone ones that set our high standards and transparently show their way to fight climate change is to engage communities on their front lines,
progress along the way. and every day, we put the action to those words.
In this year’s report, you’ll find the most detailed portrait yet of where we
are today and where we’re headed. Here’s the big picture: Since 2015, As we move closer to our goals, we’ve continued to push the pace by I’ve worn a few different hats over my career — including as Administrator
we’ve reduced our emissions by over 45 percent. We did it while reaching bringing new clean energy online to power our supply chain. And we’re of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and leading this work at
more Apple users than ever before. And, in doing so, we demonstrated investing in a growing number of renewable energy projects to balance Apple. It’s taught me that tackling climate change is possible only when
that the choice between a thriving business and a thriving planet is a the electricity our customers use to charge their devices. we bring government, industry, and communities together. We have to
false one. meet a global challenge with global solutions — solutions that center
Recycled materials are also a key focus of our innovations, and another on people.
This was also the year we called on our suppliers to accelerate their way we’re driving down our emissions. Today, about 20 percent of the
work to address their emissions. We’ve sent a clear message that the materials in our products are from recycled or renewable sources. Our I have so many talented, passionate colleagues who share in this mission.
companies who manufacture our products must decarbonize their entire goal is to one day reach 100 percent, and to end our reliance on mining Thanks to their tireless work, we’ve hurdled barriers that once seemed
Apple footprint by 2030, including the use of 100 percent renewable altogether. Where we continue to extract materials, we maintain the impossible to clear. We have no illusions about the challenges ahead, but
Lisa Jackson
electricity. And today, over 250 of our suppliers — accounting for over highest standards in our due diligence and respect for human rights. And whatever comes, we’ll keep marching forward.
Vice President, Environment,
85 percent of Apple’s direct manufacturing spend — are a part of our we’re accelerating our work with new goals to use 100 percent recycled
Policy & Social Initiatives
Supplier Clean Energy Program. cobalt, tin, gold, and rare earth elements in key components by 2025. Apple is on a journey — and we’ll share the road with as many people as
The strides we’re making play a huge role in driving down our emissions we can. We hope you’ll join us.
We share our progress — and our goals — because transparency and even further, reducing our reliance on energy-intensive mining, smelting,
accountability are two sides of the same coin. We do the work and we and refining. Lisa Jackson
show our work, because we want to be the ripple in the pond that creates
a broader change. We’ll keep pursuing creative ways to reduce our footprint, and only use
high-quality carbon offsets to balance emissions we can’t zero out. That’s
This year, we’ve also made it easier to understand the carbon impact of why we launched the Restore Fund, which aims to help businesses invest
your Apple devices, and the extraordinary steps we’re taking to reduce in high-quality, nature-based solutions that restore the forests, wetlands,
their emissions. In our Product Environment Reports, you can learn about and grasslands that remove carbon from our atmosphere.
recycled gold in your iPhone, the energy demands of your iPad, and the

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 4
Report
Called on Introduced our Received the 2022
Apple suppliers comprehensive Impact Award from
highlights to decarbonize water strategy the GC3
In October 2022, we urged This year, we’ve evolved our The Green Chemistry &
our worldwide supply chain existing water stewardship Commerce Council awarded
Carbon neutral for
to decarbonize their entire strategy into a holistic, enterprise- Apple the 2022 Impact Award for
corporate emissions Apple-related footprint by wide approach that addresses our commitment to sustainable
2030, including their scope 1 water availability, quality, and chemistry and the transparency
Throughout 2022, we’ve Since April 2020, we’ve achieved Reduced plastic
and 2 emissions associated equity. Our five-pillar approach we’ve demonstrated in our
carbon neutrality for our
achieved progress across our with Apple production. We also is grounded in understanding content in packaging smarter chemistry goals
corporate emissions1 by sourcing
environmental goals as an communicated that progress the local conditions of the and progress.
100 percent renewable electricity In 2022, plastics accounted
toward these goals will be watersheds in which we operate.
organization. Our employees, for Apple facilities, implementing for only 4 percent of our Read more on page 58.
a crucial part of the criteria
suppliers, industry partners, energy efficiency, and securing Read more on page 48. packaging — down from
we consider when awarding
high-quality carbon offsets for 21 percent in 2015 — marking
and other stakeholders have future business.
remaining emissions. While significant progress toward our
each played an integral role in corporate emissions represent Read more on page 19. goal to eliminate plastics from our
helping us to reduce our impact, only a small portion of our overall Increased our use of packaging by 2025.
create equitable solutions, emissions, this is an important recycled materials Read more on page 39.
step toward our broader goal of
and drive broader change
achieving carbon neutrality for all Committed We’re making progress toward
across industries and our
our products. our goal of transitioning to
an additional
communities. These efforts have 100 percent recycled and
Read more on page 13. $200 million to Drove the creation of
yielded positive results across renewable materials in our
nature-based projects products. In 2022, 20 percent of a new standard for
our business. And where we’ve
the materials we shipped in Apple green cleaners
encountered challenges, we’ve In 2023, Apple announced
products came from recycled
also identified opportunities to Reduced value chain a commitment of additional sources, including recycled In 2022, Apple continued to serve
continue to make a difference. emissions by over funds — up to $200 million — aluminum, rare earth elements, as chair of the Green Cleaners Advanced the
to expand the Restore Fund for Electronics Manufacturing
45 percent tin, cobalt, gold, tungsten, steel, Impact Accelerator
to be managed by Climate task group — along with more
brass, copper, and plastic.3
We reduced our overall emissions Asset Management, a joint than 20 industry partners — and Apple welcomed the
across scopes 1, 2, and 32 by venture between HSBC Asset Read more on page 34. submitted the draft version of second cohort of Black-,
over 45 percent compared Management and Pollination. IPC-1402, Standard for Green Hispanic/Latinx-, and Indigenouswith our 2015 baseline year. The new investment will broaden Cleaners Used in Electronics owned businesses on the cutting
We avoided over 28 million the portfolio of nature-based Manufacturing, for public review. edge of green technology and
metric tons of emissions projects, including agricultural This new standard will help clean energy to participate in
through reduction initiatives like and agroforestry projects, that suppliers across the electronics Apple’s Impact Accelerator —
transitioning our supply chain to scale up carbon removal while supply chain select cleaners a unique program designed to
renewable electricity and sourcing aiming to achieve a financial that are safer for employees and expand opportunities within
recycled content for our products. return on investment. the environment. Apple’s supply chain and beyond.
Read more on page 7. Read more on page 27. Read more on page 66. Read more on page 73.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 5
Our environmental strategy
The environmental challenges
we face today are significant, and
Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry
we’re responding with urgency and
innovation. We approach our work by
We’re already carbon neutral for our We aim to make durable, long-lasting Through chemistry innovation and
focusing on fundamental questions.
corporate operations, and we’ve set products and packaging using only rigorous controls, we design our
What matters most? And where
a goal to become carbon neutral for recycled or renewable materials, as products to be safe for anyone who
can we make the greatest impact?
our entire product footprint by 2030. well as enhance material recovery. assembles, uses, or recycles them —
These questions — and the data
We plan to get there by reducing our At the same time, we’re committed and to be better for the environment.
underlying their answers — guide
emissions by 75 percent compared to stewarding water resources and
our work across our strategic pillars Mapping and engagement
with 2015, then investing in high- sending zero waste to landfill.
of climate change, resources, and
quality carbon removal solutions for Assessment and management
smarter chemistry. We know we’re Materials
the remaining emissions. Innovation
not alone in working to reduce our
Water
environmental footprint. So we’re Low-carbon design
Zero waste
engaging with others to support our
Energy efficiency
efforts and find opportunities to move
Clean electricity4
our industries forward.
Direct emissions abatement
Carbon removal
Engagement and Advocacy
Engaging with others — from industry partnerships to policy advocacy — is integral to advancing our environmental
work and to achieving an even greater impact that considers communities around the world. We learn from feedback,
and we work with partners to influence change in our industries. And we’re transparent about our challenges and
achievements to inspire others to take their own action.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 6
Goals
Highlight
We’ve reduced the emissions
across our value chain by over
45 percent since 2015.
We create products and services to
enrich the lives of our customers.
Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry
And we strive to do so in a way
that sustains the ecosystems and Achieve carbon neutrality for our entire Use only recycled and renewable Drive comprehensive reporting of the
resources that we all depend on. carbon footprint by 2030, and reach our materials in our products and packaging, chemicals used in our supply chain to
Setting ambitious goals is essential emissions reduction target5 and enhance material recovery make our products
to this — to drive the innovation
and collaboration that make change Create all products with net-zero Eliminate plastics in our packaging Integrate smarter chemistry innovation
possible and to be transparent about carbon impact by 2030 by 20256 into the way we design and build
and accountable for our progress. our products
Transition our entire product value Reduce water impacts in the
chain, including manufacturing and manufacturing of our products, use Avoid exposure to chemicals that
product use, to 100 percent clean of our services, and operation of could be harmful to human health or
electricity by 2030 our facilities the environment
Eliminate waste sent to landfill from our
corporate facilities and our suppliers
Highlight
We’ve made new commitments to
Highlight
phase out PFAS from our products and
20 percent of all materials manufacturing processes.
shipped in products in 2022 came
from recycled sources.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 7
We aim to make all
Climate
our products carbon
neutral by 2030
Change

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 8
Goals and progress
Key
Goal Goal Goal
Achieved
Become carbon neutral for Achieve carbon neutrality for our Transition our entire product value
Ongoing
our corporate operations. entire carbon footprint, including chain, including manufacturing and
Not achieved
products, by 2030, reducing related product use, to 100 percent clean
emissions by 75 percent compared electricity by 2030.
with 2015.
2010 2022 2030 2010 2022 2030 2010 2022 2030
GOAL GOAL
Highlight
Highlight
As of March 2023, over 250 suppliers have
Achieved carbon neutrality committed to transitioning to 100 percent
Highlight
since April 2020 by implementing renewable electricity for their Apple production,
energy efficiency initiatives, sourcing Over 45 percent emissions with over 85 percent of Apple's direct
100 percent renewable electricity reduction since 2015 across our spend for materials, manufacturing, and
for Apple facilities, and securing value chain. assembly of our products worldwide included
carbon offsets for the remaining in those commitments.
corporate emissions.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 9
Our approach
Climate change continues to define As a large global company, we believe it’s our We began by making the transition to sourcing Match solutions to sources: For each activity within our $4.7B
the world around us in ways that responsibility to take strong, decisive, and inclusive steps 100 percent renewable electricity at our offices, retail value chain, we seek out decarbonization actions that tie
impact our daily lives. Shifting to mitigate our impact on the climate. We’ve committed to stores, and data centers, which we achieved in 2018. to the source of those emissions. For example, we’ll look We’ve issued $4.7 billion
achieving carbon neutrality across our entire value chain And in 2020, we achieved carbon neutrality for our to reduce emissions from electricity by using renewable in green bonds to model
weather patterns threaten the food
by 2030 — reducing emissions by 75 percent compared corporate emissions.9 or low-carbon electricity and decrease emissions from how businesses can drive
we eat. Widespread wildfires and with 2015 and balancing the residual emissions with transportation by using alternative fuels and lower- investments to reduce
global emissions. In our
flooding devastate the communities high-quality carbon removal.7 This means that our goal Our philosophy for achieving carbon neutrality follows carbon modes of transport. By matching solutions to
latest Annual Green Bond
we live in and the ecosystems to be carbon neutral also extends to all our products. This these principles: carbon sources, we’ll do our part to help decarbonize Impact Report, we share
goal is more aggressive than the Intergovernmental Panel the economy.
we depend on. These dangers progress on the projects
on Climate Change’s recommendation for global carbon Calculate our footprint across our value chain: Our funded in 2022. Read our
are felt around the globe and are neutrality within 20 years.8 responsibility extends beyond our direct operations to Make environmental progress good for our business: latest Annual Green Bond
developing at an unprecedented our product-related emissions. That’s why we model our We’re proving every day that there doesn’t need to be a Impact Report (PDF).
Apple is also committed to working toward reaching a emissions across the entire life cycle of our products — trade-off between what’s good for the planet and what’s
pace. The stakes are fundamental:
90 percent reduction in emissions from our 2015 baseline including the sourcing of raw materials, manufacturing, good for business. This means that we seek out climate
Human rights like life, health, food,
by 2050. Attaining this deep decarbonization target will shipping, product use, and end-of-life processing.10 solutions that are cost competitive, offer a financial return,
and an adequate standard of living require a different focus and a collective, global effort. We use the results of our detailed carbon accounting to benefit our customers, or achieve more than one of these
face grave risks, disproportionately Entire industries and economies must decarbonize. And adjust our 2030 Climate Roadmap, which lays out our outcomes. For example, we’re working with investment
while reaching a 90 percent reduction in emissions is plan to become carbon neutral. managers who are creating investment funds for clean
affecting low-income and historically
outside Apple’s or any one company’s control, Apple is energy and nature-based carbon removal solutions,
marginalized communities. The worst,
committed to supporting action as part of this global shift: Set ambitious targets: Our plan to reach carbon which aim to deliver both environmental benefits and
and potentially irreversible, impacts to push for better policies, invest in new technological neutrality by 2030 centers around our strategy to reduce financial returns. And when we design products to be
of climate change can be prevented innovations, and engage in new and expanded emissions by 75 percent, relative to our 2015 carbon energy efficient and use recycled content, we view these
partnerships, both public and private. footprint. This reduction aligns with what current climate as product features that add value for our customers. By
with global, comprehensive, and
science shows is necessary to limit warming to 1.5° C.11 underpinning our climate strategy with strong business
immediate action.
Our goals are ambitious — and they come with many We plan to invest in high-quality carbon removal projects principles and innovation, we aim to harness the power
challenges. But we’ve already made progress by cutting to address the remaining emissions, prioritizing nature- of markets to replicate our solutions at scale, creating the
emissions across our value chain by over 45 percent based solutions. And by focusing on emissions reduction, impact necessary to meet global reduction targets.
since 2015. we’re tackling the transformative work of making
low-carbon products.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 10
Our 10-year Climate Roadmap addresses Apple’s Explore all solutions: Reaching our 2030 carbon goal Support underrepresented communities: Low-income
carbon footprint through five pillars: will require scaling proven solutions that are available and historically marginalized communities too often
today, as well as exploring the solutions of the future. This bear the brunt of the effects of climate change. So we’re
includes facilitating the development of new technologies, pursuing ways to directly support these communities
like direct carbon-free aluminum smelting, adopting novel in our climate program — like with the Apple Impact
financial approaches such as the Apple Restore Fund, Accelerator, which aims to bolster equity and foster
advancing policies that support a low-carbon economy, opportunity for Black-, Hispanic/Latinx-, and Indigenousand continuing to invest in research and development to owned businesses in the environmental sector. We’re
enable decarbonizing our products by 2030. advocating for greater access to clean energy, and we’re
Low-carbon Energy Clean Direct Carbon
investing in renewable energy projects in emerging
design efficiency electricity emissions removal Be open: We’re committed to disclosing our carbon markets. And our carbon removal projects often benefit
abatement footprint as well as our climate strategy and progress. the livelihoods of local and Indigenous communities.
By sharing our approach, we aim to send clear signals to
Design products and Increase energy efficiency Transition our entire Reduce direct greenhouse In parallel with our others and invite them to work with us. We also hope to
manufacturing processes at our facilities and in our product value chain — gas emissions in our emissions reduction empower our peers in their pursuit of carbon neutrality
to be less carbon-intensive supply chain by finding including manufacturing facilities and our supply efforts, scale up and engage investors through financing options, such as
through thoughtful opportunities to reduce and our customers’ use chain through process investments in carbon green bonds. This means sharing both challenges and
material selection, energy use, such as of our products — to innovation, emissions removal projects, including successes. Our annual Environmental Progress Reports,
increased material retrofitting outdated or 100 percent clean abatement, and moving nature-based solutions as well as our response to the global disclosure nonprofit
efficiency, and greater inefficient equipment electricity by 2030. away from fossil fuels. that protect and restore CDP, provide details on our progress.
product energy efficiency. and systems. ecosystems around
the world.
>75 percent <25 percent of
emissions reduction footprint

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 11
Apple’s comprehensive
carbon footprint
20.3 million metric tons
net carbon emissions**
This past year, we’ve continued our Corporate footprint Product footprint
efforts to reduce Apple’s emissions.
In 2022, our environmental programs
avoided over 28 million metric tons of
Supplier energy efficiency:
emissions across all scopes. Initiatives
1.4 million metric tons avoided
that we’ve been growing for years — Low-carbon materials*:
like sourcing 100 percent renewable 7.8 million metric tons avoided
electricity for our facilities, transitioning
suppliers to renewable energy,
and using low-carbon materials in Supplier clean energy:
products — have yielded clear results. Use of renewable electricity: 17.4 million metric tons avoided
Thanks to this work, we’re decoupling 1.2 million metric tons avoided
business growth from emissions:
While our revenue has grown by over Corporate energy Product Use RECs:
68 percent since 2015, our gross Avoided emissions efficiency: 0.2 million metric tons avoided
0.09 million metric
emissions have decreased by over
Gross emissions tons avoided
45 percent.
Emissions offset
Emissions
Offsets
Emissions <1% <1% 1% 65% 24% 9% <1%
categories Direct emissions Electricity† Business travel, Product manufacturing Product use Product transport End-of-life product
(% of gross (Scope 1) (Scope 2) commute, work from (Scope 3) (Scope 3) (Scope 3) processes
emissions) home, upstream (Scope 3)
impacts from scope 1
fuels, and third-party
cloud services‡
(Scope 3)
* Low-carbon materials represents emissions savings from transitioning to recycled materials in our products, or use of low-carbon aluminum, as described on page 14.
** Net carbon emissions represents our total gross footprint minus carbon offsets applied to each category. Percentages shown for each emissions category represent the share of Apple’s gross footprint. Totals add up to more than 100 percent due to rounding.
† Beginning in fiscal year 2022, we’re including transmission and distribution losses as part of scope 3 emissions, which are matched with renewable electricity.
‡ Beginning in fiscal year 2022, we’re incorporating emissions associated with employees working from home as part of Apple’s new hybrid work model, as well as emissions from third-party cloud services — the electricity from both of which is addressed using renewable energy.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 12
Progress toward
net-zero emissions
75% reduction
in gross emissions
from 2015
Our plan to become carbon neutral Historical emissions Future emissions (illustrative only
by 2030 centers around a 75 percent Gross emissions Emissions offset/removal Projected gross emissions
emissions reduction target compared Avoided emissions Emissions range from modeling uncertainty* Projected emissions offset/removal
with our 2015 footprint. We’ve
already reduced our gross carbon
footprint12 by over 45 percent since
2015. And we plan to address
residual emissions through highquality carbon removals.
Baseline
year
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
Gross emissions 38.4 29.5 27.5 25.2 25.1 22.6 23.2 20.6
Carbon offsets/removal – – – – – 0.1 0.7 0.3
Net emissions 38.4 29.5 27.5 25.2 25.1 22.5 22.5 20.3
net-zero carbon
(million metric tons CO2e per fiscal year)
emissions by 2030
* Error bars: We’re continuously refining our methodology to improve our carbon footprint estimate. But there’s uncertainty inherent to modeling product-related carbon emissions, which we’ve illustrated through error bars in this graphic.
** Future emissions: Future emissions, including offsets and removals, are displayed as a linear trend to reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2030. Actual future emissions will likely not be linear.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 13
Carbon neutrality for our scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions (for a total of 324,100 metric averages. We continually refine our model to include new transition effects of climate change. To align with the
corporate emissions tons) by securing high-quality carbon credits from sources of product life cycle data — and offer a more Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
projects that protect and restore forests, wetlands, accurate and transparent assessment of our footprint. Our (TCFD) recommendations, we considered a range We’re committed to
Since April 2020, we’ve been carbon neutral for our and grasslands. comprehensive carbon footprint and our methodology are of future scenarios, including a scenario below 2° C. managing regulatory,
corporate operations, including direct emissions (scope 1); assessed by a third party each year to confirm accuracy Our assessment had a global scope to capture all our reputational, and market risks
indirect emissions from purchased electricity, steam, heat, Measuring our footprint and transparency (see Appendix D). Improving the corporate facilities — including offices, retail locations, related to climate change.
or cooling (scope 2); and emissions from business travel accuracy of our carbon footprint is an ongoing process — and data centers — as well as 200 supplier facilities, For more information on
these climate-related risks
and employee commute (scope 3). In 2022, we expanded We account for our carbon footprint by following as we learn more, we refine our carbon models and based on spend. The analysis highlighted how our
and Apple’s governance
the scope 3 emissions we include in our corporate internationally recognized standards, like the World adjust our climate road map. We also regularly revisit the renewable energy program and carbon neutrality goals of these risks, read our
footprint and are now also carbon neutral for work from Resources Institute (WRI) Greenhouse Gas Protocol boundary of our footprint to best reflect our impact. For could contribute to our corporate resilience. It also CDP Climate Change 2022
home, third-party cloud services, electricity transmission and ISO 14040/14044. For our corporate footprint, we example, in 2022, we expanded our corporate footprint provided environmental data that we considered when submission (PDF).
and distribution losses, and upstream impacts from calculate emissions based on consumption data when to include work from home emissions, third-party cloud developing business strategies, including around supply
scope 1 fuels. To reach neutrality, we focused on driving available; when it’s not available, we rely on reasonable services, electricity transmission and distribution losses, chain diversification, and when safeguarding our global
energy efficiency improvements and transitioning our assumptions and methodologies to estimate emissions, and upstream impacts from scope 1 fuels. assets. The results of the scenario analysis contributed to
facilities to 100 percent renewable electricity, which we which we revisit and improve on regularly. For our product a larger body of internal assessments on the physical and
achieved in 2018. These programs have reduced our hardware carbon footprint, we use a life cycle–based Evaluating climate risks transition impacts of climate change on our business.
scope 1 and scope 2 emissions by 67 percent since 2011, approach. Apple-specific data drives many of our
when we first began procuring renewable electricity, even most critical calculations; in cases where that data isn’t In 2020, we conducted a climate scenario analysis to
as our business grew. We’ve addressed the remaining available, we rely on secondary sources, including industry help us better understand the potential physical and
Corporate Emissions Carbon Removals
(having already reduced scope 1 and 2 emissions by 67% since 2011*)
Scope 1 and 2 Scope 3 324,100 metric tons CO2e
carbon neutral
58,220 metric tons CO2e 265,840 metric tons CO2e
for our corporate
operations
High-quality carbon
Offices Retail stores Data centers Employee commute Business travel Work from home offset projects
* We’ve reduced corporate emissions through energy efficiency, renewable electricity, and low-carbon fuels, and we’re applying carbon offsets to the remaining emissions.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 14
Low-carbon design
Each Apple product represents an Improving material and And we keep investigating new opportunities for Low-carbon
opportunity to reduce our carbon manufacturing efficiency improved efficiency across our product manufacturing design addresses
footprint — even small changes processes. In 2022, we continued to invest in research emissions from:
Less means more when it comes to our approach and development projects aimed at: creating less waste
can yield significant results. Our to materials and how we process them. Making our in processing materials, reducing machining time and
carbon footprint helps us identify manufacturing processes more efficient creates less associated energy use, more efficiently transforming
opportunities to reduce the carbon waste and helps us make the most of the materials we material into the shapes we need, and maximizing
intensity of our product designs. source. We’re also working to design our products so that recovery and reprocessing of manufacturing scrap. Once
they require less material in the first place. Combined, these improved processes are successfully developed, Product
We prioritize the materials and these efforts help reduce emissions from transporting we plan to work with our suppliers as they deploy them at manufacturing
components that account for and processing materials. And as we progress toward our scale at our supplier facilities. (scope 3)
2030 carbon neutrality goal, we continue to investigate
significant portions of our carbon
new materials and new ways to manufacture efficiently.
emissions. This means that the Using recycled materials to lower
choices we make product by product We’ve continued to improve the carbon efficiency of our product carbon footprint
can scale toward reducing our overall the integrated circuits that we use in our products — Materials selection is another way to reduce the carbon
components we’ve prioritized because they’re carbon- Product use
footprint. These priorities inform our footprint of our products. Our strategy is to transition to
work to design for material efficiency intensive. Integrated circuits perform vital functions materials manufactured using low-carbon energy and (scope 3)
in electronic devices but require significant energy
recycled content. We’ve prioritized the materials and
and increased use of recycled and to manufacture. We also continued our work with
components that make up a large part of our product
renewable materials. the sustainable semiconductor technologies and systems carbon footprint to move us closer to our goal of product
research program of imec, a world-leading research
carbon neutrality. And to accelerate collective efforts,
and innovation hub in nanoelectronics and digital
we signed on to the First Movers Coalition’s near-zero Product
technologies, of which we were the first public company
emissions primary aluminum commitment for 2030
transport
to join in October 2021. Our goal in collaborating is
(see more on page 26).
twofold: to improve the data associated with integrated (scope 3)
circuit production, from end to end, and to use improved
data and shared expertise to identify carbon reduction
opportunities for the entire integrated circuits industry.
Undertaking a comprehensive life cycle analysis for the materials and components
in our products led us to prioritizing low-carbon aluminum. In 2018, Apple created
an aluminum alloy made of 100 percent recycled aluminum and a reduced
carbon footprint.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 15
Mac mini
iPad Mini
Apple Watch
SERIES 8
71%
Aluminum is a great example of Apple’s comprehensive We also continue to make progress in how we source
approach: We’re transitioning to recycled content, and recycled aluminum. Our first priority is to recover any of
iPad Air where we haven’t yet, we’re moving to low-carbon our own scrap at high quality. Then, to augment this, we Switching to recycled and
suppliers and technology innovations to further look to other postindustrial and postconsumer sources for low-carbon aluminum has
decarbonize. In 2015, aluminum represented over a high-quality recycled aluminum, which emits less carbon decreased our carbon
quarter of our product manufacturing footprint. Since than newly mined materials. And we’re expanding our emissions associated with
aluminum by 71 percent
All these products then, we’ve continued to introduce 100 percent recycled sourcing to include postconsumer recycled aluminum
since 2015. Read more
aluminum in the enclosures of Apple products: All iPad from building and construction scrap that meets the high
contain 100% recycled about how we plan to
models in our lineup use 100 percent recycled aluminum standards that our products require. These emissions
address emissions from our
aluminum enclosures in their enclosures — joining Apple Watch Series 8, reduction efforts have reduced our aluminum-related customers’ use of Apple
Apple Watch SE, MacBook Air, Mac mini, and the 14-inch emissions by 71 percent since 2015 and now represent products on page 24.
and 16-inch MacBook Pro computers. In addition, the less than 8 percent of our product manufacturing
new Studio Display contains a 100 percent recycled footprint, compared with 27 percent in 2015.
aluminum stand, and the Mac Studio enclosure and Apple
TV thermal module both contain 80 percent recycled In 2022, we began shipping products with certified
aluminum. And with iPhone 14, we’ve increased recycled recycled steel and expanded our use of certified recycled
IPAD
content by using recycled CNC chips with Apple’s gold — two materials that typically have significant
strongest aluminum alloy for the first time. carbon footprints. We introduced certified recycled steel
for the first time in the MacBook Air with M2 chip, which
For products shipped in 2022 that had enclosures has 90 percent recycled steel in the battery tray. And we
made with primary aluminum, we prioritized the use significantly expanded the use of certified recycled gold
MacBook Pro Apple Watch SE of aluminum smelted using low-carbon sources of in our products — from the gold plating on the main logic
(14-inch and 16-inch) electricity rather than fossil fuels, for a lower carbon board on iPhone to other product main logic boards and
impact. We also shipped iPhone SE enclosures that flexible printed circuit boards — increasing recycled gold
contained ELYSIS aluminum, which was smelted without content from 1 percent in 2021 to approximately 4 percent
generating greenhouse gas emissions (see page 26 for across all product lines in 2022.
more information).
MacBook Air
iPad Pro (11-inch
anD 12.9-inch)

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 16
Driving product energy efficiency while achieving more powerful performance.13 The Product energy efficiency
efficiency gains of the A15 Bionic chip eliminate the
Product energy use accounts for 24 percent of our gross
need for an internal fan, resulting in a more compact
carbon footprint — and it has an impact on the individual
design and contributing to a 25 percent reduction in
energy use of each of our customers. This is why we’ve
carbon footprint over the previous generation. Through Over the course of a year,
set aggressive targets to reduce our products’ energy
our energy efficiency improvements, we’ve cut overall
usage. We approach this challenge in the earliest phases Mac Studio uses up to
product energy use across all major product lines by
of design, taking a holistic view of each product — from 1000 kilowatt-hours
more than 70 percent since 2008.14 And Apple products
how efficiently the software operates to the power
are consistently rated by ENERGY STAR, which sets less energy than a highrequirements of individual components.
specifications that reflect the 25 percent most energy- end PC desktop.18
efficient devices on the market. In 2022, all eligible Apple
With each generation of products, we strive to improve
products received an ENERGY STAR rating for superior
energy efficiency. For example, the transition to Apple
energy efficiency.15 They also met the requirements for
silicon on Mac devices continues to drive these
EPEAT registration,16 another environmental rating system
improvements. The latest generation of our Pro chips is
for electronic products, which considers energy efficiency
enabling more Mac devices to run with improved energy
and a number of other environmental topics.
efficiency. For example, MacBook Pro with M2 Pro and
M2 Max made significant progress in reducing energy
use in 2022, and the new Apple TV 4K is designed to
minimize its impact on the environment, using nearly Apple TV 4K is designed
30 percent less power than the previous generation to use nearly 30 percent iPhone 14 uses
less power than the 57 percent less
previous generation energy than the U.S.
while achieving more Department of Energy’s
powerful performance.17 requirements for battery
charger systems.19

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 17
Energy efficiency
Our energy efficiency goals extend Operating Apple cooling systems. This retrospective view often enables Energy efficiency
well beyond our products. We’re facilities efficiently us to increase cooling capacity of our existing facility, addresses
focused on using less energy across thereby maximizing the amount of servers within our data emissions from:
While our data centers, retail stores, and offices all use center footprint.
our operations, beginning with how 100 percent renewable electricity, we are focused on
we design, operate, and maintain reducing the energy we use in the first place. We consider In 2022, we further improved energy efficiency at data
our facilities. And we continue these natural gas and electricity usage at each of these types of centers by deploying our own server design, developed
same efforts into our supply chain. sites — as well as research and development facilities — with a focus on energy and computing efficiency, resulting
auditing how we perform and, when needed, using in over 56.7 million kilowatt-hours per year in energy Direct emissions
Energy efficiency is also essential to best practices for energy management to reduce our savings. This work builds on previous efficiency efforts (scope 1)
meeting our 2030 carbon neutrality loads. And we tailor the design of new buildings to our in our data centers, including developing a specification
goal. So we track and monitor occupants’ and lab users’ specific needs. This approach requiring our servers to be powered by high-efficiency
helps us use our facilities efficiently and productively. power supplies — exceeding even the efficiency
energy use across our operations
requirements for ENERGY STAR certification — which
and supply chain, conducting audits Existing buildings: There are significant opportunities to was deployed to hundreds of thousands of servers in
to find opportunities to work more save energy in retrocommissioning buildings that Apple 2021, resulting in over 4 million kilowatt-hours per year in Indirect
efficiently. And we view our energy already occupies or operates, including energy-intensive energy savings. emissions
facilities like data centers. We audit the performance of
use holistically, from the point of (scope 2)
buildings around the world, and then deploy identified New facilities: When designing new facilities, we
design to the point of manufacture. reduction measures. Retrocommissioning focuses on incorporate energy efficiency principles early in the
building controls to emphasize energy use reduction and process. We look at each location’s conditions, planning
operational efficiency. We are prioritizing reducing natural for local temperature, humidity, and light. As each
gas usage and replacing natural gas equipment with site becomes operational, we monitor how well we’re
electrical equipment. While we’ve already transitioned to performing and make needed adjustments. For example, Product
renewable electricity for our facilities, minimizing natural in designing our new campus in Austin, we put in a water- manufacturing
gas is also an important element of working toward cooled air-conditioning system, rather than air-cooled, (scope 3)
decarbonization. We are focused on reviewing and because of its increased energy efficiency. At the same
benchmarking our most natural gas–intensive buildings to time, it was critical to consider the water stress of the
look for reduction and fuel switching opportunities. area, therefore the cooling system will be supplied with
recycled water, which will also be used for toilet flushing.
Data centers: Data centers are traditionally energy- The first phase of our work on the Austin campus is
intensive, requiring significant resources to cool the heat- saving 5.7 million kilowatt-hours per year.
generating equipment. That’s why we’re continuously
monitoring and improving upon the controls for our
Apple’s Reno data center, opened in 2012, takes advantage of the mild climate
by cooling its servers with outside air whenever possible.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 18
Retail stores: In 2022, we were especially focused on our Finally, across Apple, “energy champions” play an Improving energy efficiency We support our suppliers’ energy efficiency projects by 69.4M
efficiency measures in European retail stores as the region important role in achieving our efficiency outcomes. in our supply chain helping to identify optimization opportunities and design
navigated energy shortages. Beyond aligning with all These employees sit in facilities roles across the company, solutions through assessments, and providing extensive We reduced Apple’s
mandates in place, we established a task force to exceed proactively identifying opportunities for efficiencies and The manufacturing of Apple products accounts education and training opportunities that include facilities energy use by
them, identifying and rolling out additional measures — bringing their teams and colleagues along to put them for 65 percent of Apple’s gross carbon footprint. To technical assistance and connections to external funding 69.4 million kilowatt-hours
related to LED lighting, temperature, and even keeping in action. address this impact, we’re collaborating closely with our for energy efficiency projects, which can be an obstacle through efficiency efforts
doors closed — in retail stores across the continent. suppliers to prioritize energy reductions as an important to making improvements. As suppliers become more implemented in 2022.
In 2022, our energy efficiency program avoided element of our strategy. Together, we work to use clean knowledgeable in this space, they become more able to
Measurement and accountability: Measurement is 69.4 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, which includes energy as efficiently as possible at every point in our tackle deeper decarbonization challenges.
critical to maintaining building energy performance. We savings from the efficient servers, and 161,000 therms supply chain, creating leaner, more efficient factories all 1.3M
continue to develop our system of energy tracking and of natural gas per year through adjustments made to over the world. The Supplier Energy Efficiency Program, We continue to expand the support we provide to
benchmarking, which includes data from utility meters 9.3 million square feet of new and existing buildings. launched in 2015, exists to help our suppliers optimize suppliers as they build more energy-efficient systems,
Suppliers in our Supplier
that continuously monitor 15-minute electricity and daily Together, these new initiatives reduced total energy use their energy use. Implementing energy efficiencies through new training and educational materials, and
Energy Efficiency Program
natural gas energy consumption. This method helps us by 4 percent in the targeted buildings (including data reduces the energy intensity of manufacturing, which increased access to funding opportunities — like the avoided more than 1.3 million
identify performance issues at our sites early. We can centers with high loads) and will avoid an additional translates to reduced carbon emissions. Asia Green Fund, which Apple launched in 2019 to help annualized metric tons
then take corrective action to restore building system 27,500 metric tons of CO2e per year. Combined with provide energy efficiency expertise and finance capital- of supply chain carbon
efficiencies and actively manage our energy footprint. ongoing energy savings from past years, we saved over Energy efficiency gains and subsequent carbon savings intensive energy efficiency projects. In 2022, $8.9 million emissions in 2022.
89,000 metric tons of CO2e in 2022. are often found at the facility level — for example, by of investments have been made in supplier efficiency
replacing outdated and inefficient lighting and equipment projects using the Asia Green Fund.
or capturing waste heat for reuse. Honing manufacturing
processes using smart controls and monitoring can In 2022, more than 100 supplier facilities participated
also offer opportunities to complete the same work with in our energy efficiency program, achieving over
less electricity. 1.6 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity savings and about
2,039,000 MMBtu in additional energy savings, which
together avoided over 1.3 million metric tons of CO2e,
representing a 17 percent increase since 2021.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 19
Feature
Apple calls on global supply chain
to decarbonize by 2030
Reducing energy use begins with
Apple has made significant progress in reducing
measuring and understanding the emissions in our supply chain through work on energy
carbon footprint of a business. Since efficiency and renewable energy (see page 22). At the
same time, we’ve set — and continue to advance — clear
2019, as part of Apple’s Supplier
expectations for our suppliers on the decarbonization
Code of Conduct, we’ve required our
required to meet our 2030 goal in the years to come.
suppliers to regularly identify sources
of emissions, measure their scope 1 In October 2022, we urged our materials, manufacturing,
and assembly partners to decarbonize their entire
and scope 2 carbon emissions, and
Apple footprint by 2030, including all their scope 1 and
make this information available to
2 emissions associated with Apple production. We’ll
Apple as needed. By understanding evaluate our suppliers’ work to decarbonize their Applea supplier’s carbon emission sources related operations — including running on 100 percent
renewable electricity — and we’ll track yearly progress.
and quantity, we can provide
Progress toward these goals will be a crucial part of the
resources that help the supplier criteria we consider when awarding future business.
create an action plan to decarbonize
and maximize energy efficiency Additionally, we encourage suppliers to address
the greenhouse gas emissions beyond their Apple
opportunities. Further, we empower
production, prioritizing clean energy. To help suppliers
our suppliers to utilize the trainings, meet their commitments and go even further, we offer
resources, and tools provided a suite of free learning resources and trainings, and we
through our programs to extend their work closely with our suppliers and local partners to
identify effective solutions for renewable energy and
efforts beyond Apple to their own
carbon removal.
supply chains and customers.
Over 250 suppliers have committed to 100 percent renewable electricity for Apple production, as part of Apple’s Clean Energy Program. Holmen Iggesund in Sweden (pictured) joined the
program in 2023.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 20
Clean electricity
We’re at a pivotal moment in Ultimately, we find ways to optimize energy use, and we Creating new projects Clean electricity
seek renewable sources to supply that energy in support New renewable electricity projects require
addressing climate change. addresses
of our goal of 100 percent clean electricity across our investment — whether in the form of direct ownership,
Renewable energy is poised to operations, manufacturing supply chain, and charging equity investments, or long-term power purchase emissions from:
replace fossil fuels as the future of of Apple products. With the renewable energy that we agreements. In total, Apple-created renewable sources
electricity. Its adoption means cleaner source, we aim to achieve positive impacts. Before we account for about 90 percent of the renewable electricity
engage in an energy project, we consider its potential that our facilities use — currently around 1.5 gigawatts.
air and lower carbon emissions.
environmental and social impacts. When possible, we
Apple has generated or sourced focus on creating new renewable electricity projects, Apple-created projects include:
Indirect
100 percent renewable electricity for going above and beyond what might be available on the
its corporate operations since 2018,20 local grid. We also follow stringent assurance standards21 • Direct ownership emissions
(~9 percent of Apple-created projects)
to verify our clean energy projects. (scope 2)
and we’re swiftly progressing toward We build our own projects — including solar, biogas
transitioning our entire manufacturing Maintaining 100 percent renewable fuel cells, and low-impact hydro projects — to provide
renewable electricity, where feasible.
supply chain and product use to electricity for Apple facilities
• Equity investment
100 percent clean electricity, too.
Our retail stores, data centers, and offices around the (~3 percent of Apple-created projects)
Product
world currently source 100 percent renewable electricity. We invest capital in new solar PV or wind projects
As we grow, we continue to bring new renewable manufacturing
We’re proud of this accomplishment — and as we grow, in some markets, matching the renewable energy
electricity projects online around the world. In the long
we’re working diligently to maintain this benchmark. generated with our energy use. (scope 3)
term, we believe that these projects provide more costWe’ve focused our efforts to source renewables around • Long-term renewable energy contracts
effective energy with less price volatility. Renewable
several key pillars: creating new renewable energy (~88 percent of Apple-created projects)
electricity can offer a competitive advantage by providing
projects, undertaking projects that deliver clear benefits Through long-term power purchase agreements,
power to our operations, as well as to those of our
to local communities, and supporting renewable virtual power purchase agreements, and other forms
suppliers, with greater control over energy supply and
energy innovations. of long-term commitments, we help support new,
reduced exposure to cost fluctuations. And supporting Product use
local, and primarily solar PV and wind projects in line
our suppliers to adopt renewable energy technologies
with our renewable energy–sourcing standards. (scope 3)
helps put them in a unique position to drive environmental
action in their respective regions and significant progress To address gaps in our
toward our goal of carbon neutrality by 2030. renewable energy needs
beyond what’s provided by
At 200-megawatts, the Montague Wind Power Facility in Oregon is one of Apple’s
largest renewable projects to date.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 21
90%
Apple-created projects, we directly purchase renewable Advancing renewable electricity
electricity through available utility green energy programs through innovation
(about 5 percent of our total corporate load in 2022). We’ve continued to pursue innovations in how we Apple-created renewable
Colocation and distribution facility vendors supply about create and use renewable electricity, including through sources account for
3.2 percent of our total load of renewable energy. And investments in energy storage. about 90 percent of the
in certain situations, we purchase Renewable Energy renewable electricity that
our facilities use.
Certificates (RECs).22 These RECs, which account for To help address the intermittency in renewable electricity
about 3.5 percent of our total load, share the same production, we’ve invested in utility-scale storage
power grid as the Apple facility that they support, where in California and in research on new energy storage
available. These purchases are subject to the same technologies. The California Flats storage project —
standards as our Apple-created renewable energy an industry-leading grid-scale battery energy storage
projects. Appendix B provides additional details on system capable of storing 240 megawatt-hours of
Apple’s renewable energy solutions. electricity — became operational in 2021. This project
supports the 130-megawatt California Flats solar
Supporting social impact farm, which provides most of our renewable energy in
We launched our Power for Impact program in 2019 California, by storing excess energy generated during the
to help provide local communities with needed energy day and deploying it when it’s most needed.
resources. With funding from Apple, local communities
and organizations gain access to cost-effective We’re also continuing to support biological methanation
energy. At the same time, Apple retains the projects’ research at Aarhus University, Denmark, which explores
environmental attributes, benefiting the community, the production of synthetic methane for storage in the
our company, and the environment. Apple is currently existing gas grid. In this process, bacteria consumes
supporting 20 renewable electricity projects around the both hydrogen produced from excess renewable energy
world, including in the Philippines, Thailand, and South and captured carbon dioxide to produce methane, the
Africa. Read more about Power for Impact on page 25. principal component of natural gas. Methane produced
from renewables is a versatile energy carrier that can
be used as a fuel source in households, industry,
and transportation.
Apple has invested in the California Flats energy storage project, which retains generated clean energy from intermittent
renewable sources, including the adjacent 130-megawatt California Flats Solar Project (pictured).

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 22
Supply chain clean energy progress Transitioning our suppliers As of March 2023, over 250 suppliers making up How suppliers are responding
to renewable electricity over 85 percent of Apple’s direct spend for materials, Long-standing energy policies and infrastructure that
Renewable electricity operational and committed in gigawatts (GW)
manufacturing, and assembly of our products worldwide incentivize the use of fuels like coal can make it difficult
The electricity that our manufacturing suppliers use have committed to using renewable electricity for to bring new renewable energy online in some regions,
represents the largest single source of carbon emissions their Apple production. In total, the Supplier Clean prompting some of our suppliers to rely on less impactful
Operational throughout our manufacturing supply chain. That’s why Energy Program now has over 20 gigawatts of clean solutions, like one-time purchases of energy attribute
Committed In the past two years, our efforts to facilitate the transition of our entire supply energy commitments, of which nearly two-thirds are certificates from existing renewable energy projects.
together with our suppliers, chain to 100 percent renewable electricity are essential already operational. These options represent an annual cost for buyers
FY16 we've more than tripled to reaching our 2030 goal of carbon neutrality. And the and offer no opportunity for cost savings or a return on
benefits extend beyond Apple. Suppliers are able to In 2022, the 13.7 gigawatts of renewable energy investment. To overcome these challenges, suppliers are
the amount of renewable
implement best practices in advocating for and procuring procured by suppliers and online in Apple’s supply chain leveraging new purchasing methods, creating renewable
electricity online in our renewable energy across all their operations and to generated 23.7 million megawatt-hours of clean energy, energy businesses, and even participating in some of the
FY17 supply chain. share them with their own partners. At the same time, avoiding 17.4 million metric tons of carbon emissions — world’s largest and most innovative renewable energy
transitioning to 100 percent renewable electricity presents a 23 percent increase over 2021.23 Appendix C includes deals. Suppliers are also adapting to changing renewable
challenges: technical and regulatory barriers, need for more information about which suppliers have joined Apple energy markets by finding new solutions, including firstFY18 capital investment, and lack of awareness about where to in transitioning to 100 percent renewable electricity. of-their-kind procurement structures in specific regions
find and access high-quality and cost-effective solutions. that include more corporate procurement options.
In many cases, our suppliers are leading the way with
Our Supplier Clean Energy Program helps enable the efforts they’re undertaking. We work closely with our In China, this includes the Green Power Trading Platform
FY19
suppliers’ transition to clean, renewable electricity through suppliers to identify innovative methods of creating and and cross-provincial power purchasing agreements that
policy advocacy, providing information and access to accessing cost-effective renewable energy. And we work have provided suppliers with more options. South Korea
renewable energy procurement options, and creating together to break down barriers by advocating for clean has expanded its options for green power, including
FY20 engagement opportunities with renewable energy energy–friendly policies. power purchase agreements and the ability to purchase
experts. To cover emissions from suppliers that we don’t renewable energy credits. Japan has also introduced new
contract with directly, we plan on investing in additional renewable energy options, including power purchase
renewable electricity projects. To date, we’ve directly agreements and price-competitive nonfossil credits that
FY21 invested in nearly 500 megawatts of solar and wind have the potential to scale access to renewable energy
projects in China and Japan. across the market. While we’ve seen progress in key
markets, we continue to advocate for policies that enable
FY22 renewable energy to compete fairly with fossil fuels,
opening more avenues for our suppliers to make the
transition (see page 29).
Gigawatts 4 8 12 16 20

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 23
How we support our suppliers Supporting supplier capacity We also educate suppliers through advanced and ignored costs of externalities, such as air pollution and
We share the experience gained through our transition customized trainings with leading experts. And we carbon emissions. We’re encouraging governments not
Galvanizing internal champions
to 100 percent renewable electricity with our suppliers support the creation and growth of renewable energy to subsidize or expand carbon-intensive infrastructure
We’ve been able to quickly scale the Supplier Clean
because knowledge empowers them to identify and industry associations that our suppliers can join to learn that will inhibit competition and discourage the
Energy Program by involving supplier-facing Apple
pursue opportunities to decarbonize as their businesses about local opportunities. development of new technologies, like renewable energy
employees. Apple employees are passionate about the
evolve. For this reason, we invest heavily in providing and advanced energy storage technologies. We also
environment and are driven to help meet our 2030 carbon
education and training across our supply chain through Expanding access to renewable electricity encourage governments to keep pace with the speed of
neutrality goal. We empower supplier-facing Apple
platforms such as our Clean Energy Academy. To support our suppliers’ transition to renewable technological innovation, consider life cycle emissions of
employees — those who often travel to supplier sites or
electricity, we help them find high-quality solutions so energy solutions, and support new energy solutions that
have direct, consistent cadence with suppliers — with
More than 170 supplier participants in China, Korea, they can decide how best to address their specific needs. effectively reduce global emissions.
the tools they need to help speed a supplier’s transition
Japan, and Vietnam participated in our Clean Energy When we face barriers to accessing cost-effective clean
to 100 percent renewable electricity. This starts with
Academies in 2022. The academies offer updates on electricity, we innovate. One such innovation, the China We lend our voice and stand with other companies and
data and transparency. We track the electricity use and
available energy procurement options in suppliers’ Clean Energy Fund, enables Apple and our suppliers to NGOs to break down policy barriers to achieve thriving
renewable procurement of our suppliers, including those
markets, help suppliers prepare to participate in upcoming invest in clean energy. As of March 2023, the fund has clean energy markets. Across regions where our suppliers
just beginning to learn about renewable electricity and
renewable energy pilots, and provide guidance from local invested in over 650 megawatts of renewable electricity operate, we engage with policy makers to support
others that are well on their way to using 100 percent
experts on implementation. This program supplements projects, with nearly 100 percent of those investments renewable energy that’s cost-effective, accessible to
renewable electricity, and we help them measure progress
our Clean Energy Portal, which is available to all suppliers online. We also connect suppliers with opportunities to companies, and sourced from high-quality projects
and gain access to solutions. We’ve also created internal
and provides training materials, resources, and country- buy renewable energy directly from project developers with a material impact on local markets. For example,
trainings and crafted a simple engagement process,
specific information to guide suppliers in their transition to and utilities as those models emerge around the globe. with RE100, an initiative that brings together the world’s
backed by resources for both Apple employees and
100 percent renewable electricity. In 2022, we announced most influential businesses through commitments to
suppliers. By connecting our suppliers with resources and
plans to donate these resources to create a first-of- Advocating for policy change use 100 percent renewable electricity, we’ve identified
providing transparency on supplier progress, our teams
its-kind public training platform that will be available to Our collective ability to procure and enable high-quality country-level policy barriers to procuring renewable
are scaling impact across our supply chain.
businesses across many different industries. This platform renewable energy is often influenced by local policies. electricity. RE100 collates the challenges that member
will give companies of all sizes — in Apple’s supply chain Effective government policies and rules can remove companies face and advocates for changes on our behalf.
and beyond — access to the resources and advocacy significant barriers to low-carbon solutions and enable We also cofounded the Asia Clean Energy Coalition,
networks we’ve cultivated for nearly a decade. solutions to rapidly scale. We recognize that to transition which convenes a diverse coalition of leading renewables
to renewable energy effectively, clean energy investments private sector actors to enact critical policy shifts in
need to make financial sense. But carbon-intensive Asia that will enable a variety of corporate procurement
energy sources, like coal and gas, often have an unfair options for renewable energy.
price advantage because of explicit subsidies and the

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 24
Product use Clean energy projects Engaging with our customers
As we expand on our strategy to cover product use In many places, electricity comes from clean sources like
The electricity that our customers use to charge their
with clean electricity, we’re considering a number of the sun or wind at certain times of the day. Customers
Apple devices represents 24 percent of Apple’s gross
factors in selecting projects. In accordance with global play an important role in deciding when to pull electricity
carbon footprint. Increasing the energy efficiency of
greenhouse gas accounting standards, we’ll match the from the grid. We’re building programs to make those
our products helps drive down emissions from product
electricity consumption of our products with 100 percent decisions easier for customers. Clean Energy Charging,
use, and we’re taking steps to address the emissions
clean electricity on an annual basis. While we’ll source which became available in the United States in fall 2022
that remain.
the majority of our clean electricity from the region, we’re through iOS 16, enables customers to help decrease the
maintaining geographic flexibility for a portion of the carbon footprint of iPhone. The new feature looks at the
When Apple committed to running our business on
emissions so that we can target grids with higher carbon sources of electricity during expected charge times, and it
100 percent renewable electricity in 2013 — a goal we
intensity. This approach allows us to balance focusing optimizes to reduce carbon by charging when the grid is
met for our facilities in 2018 — we were early leaders
on areas where our customers use our products and using cleaner energy sources (learn more here).
in this transition. As we address emissions tied to the
maximizing the social and environmental benefits of
electricity that our products use globally, our guiding
additional renewable energy. For example, while California Beyond the work that we do on our products, we
principles focus on three areas: exploring innovative
is a large market for Apple, we might build new renewable collaborate with others to continue advancing climatesolutions to minimize carbon emissions from product
energy projects in other locations with lower clean energy smart decision-making for customers across their
use, including energy efficiency (see page 14); building
percentages on their grids, where the same renewable household energy usage, as well as for our employees
clean electricity projects aimed at maximizing carbon
energy capacity can have a more significant impact. and partners. As an example, Apple has joined the
reductions and social impact; and engaging with our
CoolClimate Network, a research partnership of the
customers to educate and provide opportunities to
As a first phase of this work, we’re working toward University of California, Berkeley, that motivates and
support decarbonizing the grid.
developing large-scale solar and wind projects in the empowers individuals and organizations to make lowU.S. and Europe. In the U.S., we’ve invested in the carbon choices.
320-megawatt 2300-acre IP Radian solar project in
Brown County, Texas, and plans for additional projects in
the U.S. are underway. In Europe, we plan to engage in
projects that range between 30 and 300 megawatts, with
an initial request for proposals issued in 2022.
Apple is investing in renewable energy worldwide — including this large-scale solar project in Brown County, Texas — to help
address the electricity customers use to charge their Apple devices.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 25
FEATURE
Increasing access to clean
energy around the world
Power for Impact is driven by the idea Democratic Republic of the Congo: Apple provides South Africa: Apple will fund new rooftop solar
that access to clean energy creates access to renewable energy for the Malaika School, which installations at a vocational school and at a home for
opportunities within communities empowers Congolese girls and their communities through senior citizens. Along with the four operational projects,
education, agriculture, water projects, health outreach, these installations will reduce electricity costs, and
while benefiting our climate. Apple
sports, and vocational training. To support Malaika the savings will help fund operating costs and expand
launched the initiative in 2019 to students and teachers, this solar initiative builds on other programs to support underserved groups. Apple will
provide underresourced communities Apple collaborations, including virtual Today at Apple continue to bring electricity to over 3500 households that
with renewable power while sessions on coding with Swift, photography, filmmaking, previously lacked access with local street lighting.
and design, as well as other events with Apple Retail
supporting economic growth and
teams and Diversity Network Associations. Thailand: Apple helped establish a solar energy system
social impact. to replace the use of polluting diesel fuel for a remote
Israel: Apple supports the Nitzana Educational Eco- fishing village that relies on refrigerators to maintain the
The program funds clean energy projects that Village, a community for at-risk youth, with a 260-kilowatt quality of its fish products. We increased local renewable
are mutually beneficial — local communities and solar system to help lower electricity costs. The savings energy production and battery storage to improve reliable
organizations get access to cost-effective energy, and help enhance educational experiences for youth from access to electricity.
Apple retains the environmental attributes of each project. various backgrounds.
We currently support 20 renewable projects around the Vietnam: Apple helps provide solar electricity for 20
world, including: Nigeria: A remote mini-grid project is under development schools around the country, and helps teach thousands of
to provide energy access to community members and children about sustainable development and STEM.
Colombia: Apple helps bring a rooftop solar power replace fossil fuels for some businesses. Apple will
system online at the Hospital Infantil Santa Ana. The also continue to support the development of a solar Zambia: A microgrid supported by Apple will provide
money saved on energy bills will allow the hospital to power system to serve primary healthcare centers in power to hundreds of households that are currently
purchase more equipment and medications. A rooftop the state of Ondo, as well as 200 households in the without electricity. The project will reduce reliance and
solar installation at Ciudad Don Bosco, a nonprofit that surrounding region. costs associated with imported diesel and gasoline for
provides educational and social services for under- generators, and it will increase the amount of power
resourced youth, helps the group advance its sustainable Philippines: Apple helps fund an educational institution available to community organizations and businesses.
development goals. that provides scholarships to high-achieving, underresourced students by offsetting electricity expenses Power for Impact is expanding access to clean, affordable
through a new rooftop solar installation in Bataan. power in different parts of the world. Apple will continue
to focus on uplifting communities as it pursues its
environmental goals.
With access to electricity in their homes through one of the South Africa projects, kids can now do homework at night and
families can cook meals indoors.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 26
Direct emissions
abatement
Some materials that are integral to continued to make progress within its industrial research We’re also seeking out technical innovations for transport, Direct emissions
our products result in significant and development center in Quebec — enabling the venture including working with our suppliers to use alternative fuels abatement
to begin producing commercial-purity primary aluminum at and electric vehicles. For example, in Europe we piloted
emissions. The same is true for addresses
industrial scale — and continued construction of its larger a heavy-duty truck fueled by hydrogen, an emerging
certain manufacturing processes and emissions from:
commercial-scale prototype cells. low-carbon fuel for trucks that travel long distances. And
the transportation of our products. we’re continuing to evaluate carriers that offer carbonTo address these emissions, we Addressing fluorinated greenhouse neutral deliveries using electric vehicles, including e-bikes
and e-cars. These innovations help reduce our impact
seek technological solutions and gas emissions
in the communities where our customers purchase our
emissions abatement, and we’re
One of the largest contributors of direct emissions in products. And by preferring vendors that offer low-carbon
Product
moving away from fossil fuels. our supply chain is the use of fluorinated greenhouse options, we signal the value of these options to us and
manufacturing
gases (F-GHGs). F-GHGs are used in the electronics reward those driving decarbonization in their industry. We
manufacturing of semiconductors and flat-panel are also combining multiple products into one delivery (scope 3)
Rethinking how aluminum is made
displays, and they have global warming potentials that when possible, reducing packaging and reducing
As part of Apple’s commitment to reduce our products’ are thousands of times more than those of CO2. We’re emissions though efficiency on the last leg of the journey.
environmental impact through innovation, we’ve partnered partnering closely with key manufacturers as they work At the same time, Apple is working to spur entirely new
with aluminum companies and the governments of to prevent these gases from being released into the solutions, for example by supporting analyses by Carbon
Canada and Quebec to invest in ELYSIS — a joint venture atmosphere. So while the use of F-GHGs in certain Direct identifying pathways for developing sustainable Product
to commercialize patented technology that eliminates manufacturing processes today is difficult to avoid, aviation fuels.
transport
direct greenhouse gas emissions from the traditional emissions can be abated by switching to alternative input
smelting process. This is a revolutionary advancement gases, by optimizing production processes to use and emit Improving employee travel (scope 3)
in the manufacturing of one of the world’s most widely fewer F-GHGs, and by installing gas abatement tools. and commute
used metals. Since our collaboration began in 2018, we’ve
helped accelerate the development of this technology by Transporting products And we’re exploring ways to reduce our carbon footprint
facilitating the joint partnership and providing initial funding from employees commuting to work. For example, we’re
and ongoing technical support. To transport our products from our manufacturers to helping our employees transition away from singleour customers, we’re shifting to shipping modes that occupancy vehicles through mass transit, coach services,
In 2022, Apple shipped iPhone SE devices using ELYSIS are less carbon-intensive than air transport, such as by and campus bicycles. To incentivize the use of electric
aluminum, building on our 2019 purchase from the ocean, whenever possible. In 2022, we launched three vehicles, we offer more than 1670 EV charging stations
first-ever commercial batch of aluminum resulting from new products — Mac Studio, Studio Display, and AirPods and 3200 ports across our U.S.-based campuses. For the
the joint venture, used in the production of the 16-inch (3rd generation) — that leveraged ocean shipping by commute-related emissions that remain, we’re applying
MacBook Pro.24 The commercial-purity aluminum used enabling an ocean supply chain from our manufacturers. high-quality offsets.
On average, shipping an item by ocean instead of on an
in these products is the first to be manufactured without Aluminum is one of the world’s most widely used metals, and ELYSIS’ innovative
airplane reduces transportation-related emissions by
creating any direct carbon emissions during the smelting direct carbon-free smelting process has the potential to reduce the climate impact
process. Throughout the past year, ELYSIS has also 95 percent.25 of the production process.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 27
Carbon removal
Our 2030 Climate Roadmap aims to Investing in nature Carbon removal
reduce our emissions by 75 percent projects to address
The earth’s trees, plants, and soils provide some of the
compared with 2015 levels, as greatest capabilities to remove and store carbon from nonelectricity
well as scale up carbon removal the atmosphere. Carbon credits provide an opportunity emissions — up
strategies to address the remaining to invest in these solutions, but carbon markets haven’t to 25 percent of
yet scaled to remove the carbon needed to limit global
emissions that we can’t yet avoid. 2015 emissions
warming to 1.5° C. That’s why we’re expanding natureWe’re exploring a range of carbon based investments to support our goal of achieving (all scopes)
removal solutions to do so, which is carbon neutrality across our full product life cycle
by 2030.
consistent with the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change’s position
In 2021, we partnered with Conservation International
that all pathways limiting warming and Goldman Sachs to launch the Restore Fund, which
to 1.5° C require carbon removal for has closed over $100 million in projects that forecast to
unavoidable emissions.26 remove over one million metric tons of carbon starting
in 2025. This fund is unique because it aims to change
carbon removal from a cost to a potentially profitable
Carbon removal projects take carbon dioxide out of
investment. By creating a fund that generates both a
the atmosphere and store it in long-term carbon sinks,
financial return as well as real and measurable carbon
whether nature-based — like forests, wetlands, and
impact, we aim to drive broader change — encouraging
grasslands — or geologically, in formations such as saline
capital investment in carbon removal around the globe.
aquifers or other suitable geological sites. In addition to
removing carbon, nature-based carbon removal projects
also offer important ecological and social benefits, such
as preserving biodiversity and enhancing the resilience of
ecosystems while often providing economic development
opportunities for local communities.
Through the first phase of the Restore Fund, we’re working with forestry managers to create sustainably managed forests that are optimized for both
carbon and wood production, creating revenue from timber and generating high-quality carbon credits. Photo credit: Arbaro Advisors.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 28
The first phase of our innovative fund has focused on To improve the accuracy of monitoring, reporting, and The expanded fund will target two types of investments: High-quality carbon offsets $200M
blending responsible forestry practices with carbon verification of the projects’ carbon removal impact, Apple sustainable agriculture and other ecosystem assets, as an interim solution
removal. We’re working with forestry managers to create is deploying innovative remote sensing technologies and a pipeline of landscape restoration projects that Apple committed up to
sustainably managed forests that are optimized for both using Space Intelligence’s Carbon and Habitat Mapper aim to remove carbon from the atmosphere. Together, We plan to reach our goal of becoming carbon neutral $200 million in additional funds
carbon and wood production in order to create revenue and Upstream Tech’s Lens. Using high-resolution this unique blended fund structure will continue across our entire value chain by 2030, using a wide to expand the Restore Fund.
from timber and generate high-quality carbon credits. satellite imagery from Maxar and other providers, this to demonstrate that we can invest in high-quality range of solutions at our disposal, prioritizing significant
The projects also seek to maximize environmental initiative enables us to view detailed habitat and forest nature-based projects to achieve both financial and emissions reductions and long-term carbon removal
impact, including carbon, hydrology, and habitat carbon maps for our Restore Fund projects. Through carbon returns. initiatives like the Restore Fund. But as the projects in the
restoration. In October 2022, Apple announced three our engagement with the MIT Climate & Sustainability Restore Fund come online, we’re also working to address
new projects through the Restore Fund. In partnership Consortium, Apple is jointly funding research with Integrity and a rigorous approach are central to how difficult-to-avoid emissions in the short term.
with Conservation International and Goldman Sachs, PepsiCo and Cargill on improving the measurement of we designed the Restore Fund with our partners.
Apple has invested with three high-quality forestry soil carbon in nature-based carbon removal projects. And The projects aim to become certified to international We’ve been carbon neutral for our corporate emissions
managers in Brazil and Paraguay with the goal of restoring Apple is separately exploring the use of LiDAR data using standards developed by organizations such as Verra, since April 2020. We started by reducing our corporate
150,000 acres of certified sustainable working forests iPhone to improve field measurements of forest carbon. Gold Standard, the Climate, Community & Biodiversity emissions through the use of 100 percent renewable
and protecting around 100,000 acres of native forests, Alliance (CCBA), and the Forest Stewardship Council electricity and energy efficiency efforts at our facilities.
grasslands, and wetlands. Together, these initial forestry Based on our learnings with these projects and the (FSC). Use of these international standards helps confirm But emissions remain difficult to avoid in some
projects are forecast to remove one million metric tons of growing global need for more nature-based solutions, that the carbon stored in forests is measured and activities — including the natural gas used in some of
carbon dioxide from the atmosphere starting in 2025. Apple announced an expansion of the Restore Fund in reported to the highest standards and that projects have our buildings and emissions from business air travel and
2023. Apple has committed additional funds — up to the most up-to-date safeguards in place. The projects employee commute.
$200 million — that will be managed by Climate Asset we choose will also seek to have a positive impact on the
Management, a joint venture between HSBC Asset livelihoods of local communities by bringing economic For the emissions we can’t avoid, we use high-quality
Management and Pollination. The commitment will opportunities to often underserved rural economies. And offsets as an interim solution. We’re intentional about
support a broader portfolio of high-quality nature-based we’ll continue to focus on projects that protect lands with identifying avoided deforestation and removal projects
projects that scale up carbon removal while seeking to high conservation values. that are of the highest standard and that achieve
achieve a financial return on investment. meaningful impact. We often originate our own projects
working with a reputable partner, like Conservation
International, or we carefully select projects from thirdparty certified registries. For more details about our
purchases of carbon offsets, see Appendix A.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 29
FEATURE
Advocating for strong
climate policies
The scientific community has laid Our climate policy advocacy centers on the Encouraging and enabling high-quality measurement [We] believe that both corporate
out a clear rationale for mitigating following principles: and disclosure of emissions
and regulatory action are
the impacts of climate change by Governments should require that companies measure
Setting strong science-based targets their emissions along the entire value chain and disclose
reducing emissions — and they’ve
Policy makers need to set strong science-based targets those emissions publicly. Developing clear rules for necessary to prevent the worst
provided stark warnings for the to reduce emissions in line with the Paris Agreement and disclosure across all scopes of emissions will create best
consequences of inaction. In addition limit warming to 1.5° C. practices, enhance the transparency and integrity of impacts of climate change and
to strong actions by businesses claims, and promote competitive innovation. Governments
Rapidly decarbonizing through economy-wide should align to have the same high-quality standards. have a strong interest in the
and individuals, we need strong
and sectoral policies
government policies that support a
Rapid decarbonization requires every sector of the Ensuring high-quality solutions implementation of sound public
just climate transition. That’s why economy to adopt new zero-carbon technologies as Governments should establish or oversee systems
Apple believes that advocating for fossil fuels phase out. We not only support economy-wide to track and verify renewable energy credits and policies to reduce greenhouse
policies but also acknowledge that each sector responds carbon credits to avoid double-counting, to incentivize
strong climate policies is a core part
to different signals and the maturity of technologies participation, and to ensure environmental integrity. These gas emissions.
of our climate strategy. to decarbonize them isn’t equal. Apple’s advocacy for credits should be transparent and verified to provide
sectoral approaches includes these principles: confidence to the public, and they promote energy
Apple has a long history of advocating for strong climate solutions that significantly reduce emissions, including
• Promote economy-wide carbon pricing programs Brief Amici Curiae of Apple et al.,
policies. And in 2022 Apple, joined by other companies, consideration of the full value chain impact.
with strong interim and long-term targets and West Virginia vs EPA (2022).
submitted an Amicus Brief, urging the Supreme Court to
accountability mechanisms.
uphold the U.S. EPA’s authority to regulate greenhouse Centering equity and justice in climate solutions
• Advocate for policies that make it easier and more
gases from power plants. Climate policies should support the development of
cost-effective to deploy renewable energy.
the new green economy, with new job opportunities
• Support policies that promote energy efficiency
focused on advancing clean innovation. Equity should be
across all sectors, including for manufactured goods.
a guiding principle of policies supporting this economy.
• Invest in mature and new zero-emission technologies
Communities that have been disproportionately impacted
to cut emissions, particularly in hard-toby climate change should benefit from the economic
decarbonize sectors.
opportunities of potential solutions.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 30
Key milestones in our climate 2018 (U.S.): Apple filed individual comments 2018 (China): Apple submitted formal 2022 (South Korea): Apple spoke at the 2022 (Japan): Apple joined a letter calling
policy advocacy to the U.S. EPA, urging it not to repeal the comments to China’s National Development carbon neutrality conference calling for Korea’s for a level of carbon pricing that provides an
Clean Power Plan because of its importance in and Reform Commission about the 2030 energy plan to set a higher target for incentive for emissions reduction.
reducing emissions. implications of draft policy on corporate clean renewable energy, a more fair competitive market
2022 (U.S.): Apple filed comments
energy procurement. for renewables, and improved transparency for
2018 (Japan): Apple filed comments with to encourage more rapid integration of
2015 (U.S.): Apple joined the White House’s renewable energy solutions.
the Japanese government, calling for the 2018 (South Korea): Apple met with renewable energy to the transmission
American Business Act on Climate Pledge, in
development of a robust and verifiable renewable government officials in Korea to discuss the 2021 (U.S.): Apple became the first company grid, a key bottleneck to renewable
which participating companies voiced support
energy trading system. need for increased renewable generation and to voice support for the enactment of the Clean energy deployment.
for a strong outcome at the COP21 in Paris
retail choice, whereby consumers can select Energy Standard (CES) that would decarbonize
and demonstrated an ongoing commitment to 2018 (U.S.): Apple filed comments to the 2022 (U.S.): Apple led an Amicus Brief
their power source. the power grid by 2035.
climate action. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, urging supporting the U.S. EPA’s authority to regulate
it not to finalize a rule that would subsidize fossil 2018 (Japan): Apple was among the first 2021 (Vietnam): Apple and other companies greenhouse gases from power plants.
2016 (U.S.): Apple joined Google, Microsoft, and
fuels, which would limit the ability of renewables multinational companies to join the Japan vocalized our support to the government of
Amazon to sign an Amicus Brief in support of the 2022 (U.S.): Apple, along with Meta and
to compete in the electricity market. FERC chose Climate Leaders’ Partnership, a coalition of Vietnam for the ambitious Power Development
U.S. EPA’s Clean Power Plan. Google, advocated for greatly expanded
not to finalize that rule. companies that align business objectives with Plan prioritizing clean energy.
renewable generation to achieve a 70 percent
2016 (World): Apple addressed 700 senior environmental goals.
2017 (Vietnam): Apple joined other companies 2021 (U.S.): Apple was one of the first large, reduction in emissions in the state through
government, business, and community leaders at
urging the government of Vietnam to make 2019 (Vietnam): Apple urged the public U.S. companies calling on the SEC to intervention in the North Carolina Carbon
the seventh Clean Energy Ministerial, where we
regulatory changes allowing businesses to government to reform the electricity market, require disclosures of global greenhouse gases Plan proceeding.
called for governments across the world to put a
procure renewable energy through direct power allowing businesses to purchase power across all emissions scopes.
price on carbon to address climate change.
purchase agreements. directly from renewable power plants.
2020 (EU): Apple called on European leaders to
2017 (U.S.): Apple urged the White House
2017 (China): Apple hosted a roundtable with 2019 (World): Apple participated in the increase their climate ambition to achieve targets
to remain in the Paris Agreement and take To reach our global climate
the Green Electricity Consumption Cooperative UN Environment Assembly and conducted of at least 55 percent greenhouse gas emissions
meaningful action on climate change.
Organization (GECCO) to create a platform bilateral discussions with a number of reductions by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050. goals, governments must
for buyers in China where they can discuss countries to advocate for policies that enable a The EU adopted these targets. create policies that support
renewable energy procurement challenges and circular economy and bold action on climate.
a just climate transition.
opportunities and inform future policy.
We've been actively advocating
for strong climate policies for
many years.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 31
Resources
It takes recycled
guts to reduce our
footprint

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 32
Goals and progress
Key
Goal Goal Goal Goal
Achieved
Use only recycled and Eliminate plastics in our Reduce water impacts in Eliminate waste sent to
Ongoing
renewable materials in our packaging by 2025.29 the manufacturing of our landfill from our corporate
products and packaging, and products, use of our services, facilities and our suppliers. Not achieved
enhance material recovery. and our facility operations.
2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2025 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023
GOAL
Highlight
Highlight
In 2022,20 percent of the material
Highlight
we shipped in our products came from Our Prineville, Reno, and Mesa
Highlight
recycled or renewable sources.27 data centers and 17 supplier Our corporate facilities waste
We’ve accelerated our work through Our product packaging contains facilities have been certified to diversion rate increased to
new commitments to transition to only 4 percent plastic — the Alliance for Water Stewardship 71 percent, driven by progress
100 percent recycled cobalt, tin, gold, down from 21 percent in 2015. standard for leading water at our data centers.
and rare earth elements in select management practices.
components by 2025.28

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 33
Our approach
Each of our products and services is In the future we envision, our products are made solely Another approach to conserving resources is by Within resources, we focus on
made possible by natural resources. from responsibly sourced recycled and renewable eliminating waste. We work to reuse and recycle across three main areas of impact:
We’re committed to sourcing, using, materials — to our same rigorous standards of quality our operations and throughout our supply chain. We
and durability. We aim to build durable, long-lasting strive to eliminate waste where we and our suppliers
and recycling the materials that we
products that make the best use of the resources operate. These efforts go beyond reducing the amount
rely on in a way that meets our high required to make them. And recycling approaches and of waste that we generate. We’re innovating approaches
standards for labor, human rights, innovations make this achievable, helping us recover to reuse and working with local businesses to create new
and environmental stewardship. and use the materials that we rely on in our products to recycling opportunities. Materials
their full potential. We’re working with leading recyclers
Transition to only recycled or renewable materials in our products and
and academic institutions to realize this future through We can move ahead only by working with others.
This commitment extends across our operations and packaging, and maximize material efficiency, product longevity, and recovery.
researching new technologies and identifying the When we collaborate with suppliers, NGOs, recyclers,
supply chain, so we use materials in a manner consistent
challenges and opportunities to achieve positive change community stakeholders, and innovation leaders, we can
with our values, we responsibly manage freshwater usage
across industries. do more while relying on less — and reduce our overall
so that these resources will be available and safe for
carbon and material footprint.
others in the community, and we work to eliminate waste
Water is one of the most critical resources we need
at our facilities and those of our suppliers. This serves
to build our products. It provides vital services at our
our objective to minimize the overall resource footprint
offices, data centers, and stores — and it’s essential to Water
supporting our products. And we know that we can’t
our manufacturing processes. Water is also a community Reduce water impacts in the manufacturing of our products, use of our
do this alone — it requires collaborative stewardship of
resource. For this reason, we prioritize our stewardship services, and our facility operations. At the same time, transition to alternative
shared resources.
efforts — working toward the most efficient use of solutions, improve the quality of water that we discharge, and protect shared
freshwater, using alternatives where possible, and water resources.
managing our discharge responsibly. We also look beyond
our facilities to the water basins where we operate.
Through collaborations with local partners — including
companies, NGOs, and government agencies — we’re
working together to improve the quality of the water that
our communities rely on.
Zero waste
Minimize overall waste generated and eliminate waste sent to landfill from our
manufacturing supply chain as well as corporate offices, data centers, and
retail stores.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 34
Materials
We’re working toward a world where We aim to create products that make greater use of Product longevity How we pursue circularity for our products
we create our products from, and circular supply chains that don’t rely on mined resources. We make the most of the materials we use by designing
where we contribute to, circular They do so while meeting our rigorous requirements long-lasting products. We design durable hardware,
for quality, durability, and performance. Part of what leverage software updates to extend functionality,
supply chains. This starts by building
makes this possible are the recycling innovations we’re provide convenient access to safe and high-quality repair
products that are circular by design developing to enhance material recovery. While these services, and direct devices and parts to be refurbished
and made from responsibly sourced innovations support circular supply chains for Apple, and reused.
recycled and renewable materials. we also hope our actions are inspiring others to follow. SOURCING
Collection and recovery
This work will help us end reliance on Source materials that are
This progress can impact those who buy our products, We improve how we collect end-of-life products and
recycled and renewable
mining, which is often both carbon- can influence the markets where we work, and can create develop recycling innovations so that we and others can
intensive and detrimental to the change for broader global communities. These are the use old devices as raw material sources for the future.
opportunities that drive us through the challenging work
communities and ecosystems where
of creating circular supply chains. Sourcing and efficiency
it takes place.
We continue to progress toward our goal of relying solely
The following three pillars define our approach
on responsibly sourced recycled or renewable materials
to achieving circularity:
for our products and packaging.
RECOVERY EFFICIENCY
Sourcing and efficiency
We source recycled and renewable materials for our The source of the materials we rely on matters to us. Recover materials for use Design efficiency into our products
products and packaging, and we use these materials We place a clear value on materials that don’t deplete in new products and manufacturing processes
more efficiently. We also source the materials responsibly, the earth’s resources. As we move toward recycled and
whether from primary, recycled, or renewable sources. renewable content, we’re joined in our efforts by many
partners. We look forward to engaging with many others
as part of a broader global transition. As we design new
products, we continue to source materials responsibly
and continue to use materials efficiently and safely.
PRODUCTION
Make products that last through
durability, repair, and refurbishing

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 35
Expanding our use of recycled content Prioritizing our efforts Maintaining high standards for materials is an essential independent third-party audits on other materials used Apple is committed to
Our progress on materials continued in 2022 as we’ve Our recycled and renewable efforts continue to focus element of this work. Our recycled and renewable in our products, such as graphite, nickel, and copper. setting the highest standards
moved closer to creating a circular supply chain for on 14 materials that we’ve prioritized based on a broad material specifications follow standards established by As we build supply chains for recycled materials, we’re for responsible sourcing
of the materials used in
several materials. With tin, we first proved in 2017 that range of environmental, social, and supply chain impacts. the international community.35 Through this process, also partnering with the smelters and refiners identified
our products. For more
we could use 100 percent recycled tin for the solder on (These are outlined in detail in our Material Impact Profiles we’re able to confirm that a material has been recycled through this process.
information, read our
the main logic board (where the majority of tin is found) white paper.33) Some of the materials prioritized through or comes from a renewable source — one that can
“People and Environment
of iPhone 6s and in 2022, we’re now using 100 percent this process include lower-mass but higher-impact continually produce without depleting the earth’s Industry collaboration in Our Supply Chain”
recycled tin on many flexible printed circuit boards used materials. Our priority materials include aluminum, cobalt, resources.36 We approach materials from new sources As we focus on responsible sourcing and the use of progress report and our
across almost all newly launched products. This resulted copper, glass, gold, lithium, paper, plastics, rare earth with the same rigor, evaluating each for the safety of the recycled content, we continue to engage with multiple “Conflict Minerals Report”
in the total shipped recycled tin increasing to 38 percent elements, steel, tantalum, tin, tungsten, and zinc, and they materials’ chemistry. This process allows us to scale our industry initiatives. These include our role on the steering at apple.com/supplierresponsibility.
across all product lines in 2022 — up from 30 percent account for 87 percent of the total product mass shipped use of materials that are better for the environment and committee of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI).
in 2021. We took a similar approach with gold. Across to our customers in 2022.34 safe for use in our products. This coalition is one of the most commonly used
all products, we expanded our use of certified recycled resources for companies — from a range of industries —
gold — from the gold plating on the main logic board on Our teams are overcoming many obstacles to creating Responsible sourcing of materials that are working to address mineral sourcing issues in
iPhone to other product main logic boards and flexible closed loop supply chains, including material performance This diligence carries over to sourcing. We obtain our their supply chains. We are also a board member of the
printed circuit boards — increasing certified recycled gold and traceability. This is possible through our work with a resources responsibly, regardless of whether we’re Platform for Accelerating the Circular Economy (PACE)
content to approximately 4 percent across all products diverse group of partners. We’ve been able to design a using primary or recycled materials. This approach is a and co-lead the electronics program. PACE is a global
that shipped in 2022 — up from just 1 percent in 2021.30 new, 100 percent recycled aluminum alloy that meets our necessary complement to our environmental efforts — collaboration platform for public and private decision
These and other innovations helped us increase our use rigorous performance standards. And we’ve improved and it draws from the same reliance on international makers to share a vision, best practices, and innovations
of recycled and renewable content to 20 percent of all the our ability to track key materials like batteries within our standards. Our standards for Responsible Sourcing of toward a circular economy. Apple is a co-champion of
material shipped in products in 2022.31 supply chain, end-to-end. Materials are based on leading international guidance, the First Movers Coalition for Aluminum, whose focus
including the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on is to aggregate demand signals for ultra low carbon
We’ve also achieved several milestones with copper Barriers to our progress remain — including challenges Business and Human Rights and the Organisation for technologies and materials. We also collaborate with
and zinc. For iPad models introduced in October 2022, within our control and those outside Apple’s direct Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Due other industry organizations, including the Aluminum
we’re using 100 percent recycled copper foil in the main influence. Addressing these requires a collective Diligence Guidance. In 2022, 100 percent of the identified Stewardship Initiative, to promote transparency across
logic board. For Mac Studio and Studio Display, we’ve response. But through collaboration within the material tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold (3TG), cobalt, and lithium supply chains and implement additional commoditydeveloped a brass alloy using 100 percent recycled space, we can achieve impact felt beyond our business. smelters and refiners in Apple’s supply chain completed specific auditing and due diligence systems.
copper and zinc for use in the AC inlet and cable prongs. The supply chains we’re helping create serve more than assessments to verify compliance with our standards, and
Finally, since last year, we’ve nearly doubled our use of just our needs — they help promote the availability of to aid in identifying social, environmental, human rights, Using recycled and renewable materials helps lower our
recycled cobalt in batteries to 27 percent across iPhone, competitively priced, quality recycled and renewable and governance risks. We also map other materials in our carbon footprint, moving us closer to our climate goals.
iPad, and Mac devices year over year, bringing the total materials across geographies. products such as mica, copper, graphite, and nickel, and, To fulfill the transition to these materials, we’re working
recycled cobalt shipped in 2022 to 25 percent.32 before production, evaluate suppliers of new materials with policy makers to support international standards that
for compliance with our requirements. We also continue enable the use of these materials globally.
to map, conduct additional due diligence, and facilitate

FEATURE
Our transition to certified recycled
materials by product line
We're using more recycled
materials than ever
In 2022, the average recycled
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
content shipped in Apple products
increased to 20 percent. We’ve
approached the work material by Copper
material, component by component,
Zinc
starting by introducing recycled
content in one product and
Steel
then expanding across Apple’s
product lines. Gold
Tungsten*
Rare earth elements
Aluminum
Tin
Plastic
All products launched in the calendar year include certified recycled content
Some products launched in the calendar year include certified recycled content
No products launched in the calendar year include certified recycled content
Recycled content not applicable*
* Material is considered “not applicable” if it’s found only in small quantities dispersed across modules.
Apple
Watch
Desktop Notebook iPad iPhone Apple
Watch
Desktop Notebook iPad iPhone Apple
Watch
Desktop Notebook iPad iPhone Apple
Watch
Desktop Notebook iPad iPhone Apple
Watch
Desktop Notebook iPad iPhone Apple
Watch
Desktop Notebook iPad iPhone
Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 36
Products launched
by calendar year

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 37
FEATURE
Progress across our priority materials
We’re making progress toward our Key challenges to developing circular supply Traceability Material Key challenges Progress
goal of sourcing only recycled or chains include: Information about the source of materials — whether
Aluminum Regulatory barriers We’re continuing to scale our new, 100 percent recycled aluminum alloy — which incorporates
renewable materials in our products: mined, recycled, or renewable — might not be Technical properties recycled content without compromising performance — across all products. Overall, in 2022,
Technical properties
readily available. Scale 67 percent of the aluminum we shipped came from recycled sources — up from 59 percent in
in 2022, 20 percent of the material The properties of a recycled or renewable material
2021.41 Of the products introduced during this period, iPad Air (5th generation), Apple Watch
we shipped in products came from may differ from the primary material. This needs to be Series 8, Apple Watch SE (2nd generation), and MacBook Air with M2 all contain 100 percent
Scale
accounted for during product design and manufacturing. recycled aluminum in their enclosures. Apple Studio Display contains 100 percent recycled
recycled or renewable sources.37 Materials for a single component can come from aluminum in the stand, and Apple TV 4K (3rd generation) contains 80 percent recycled
For example, select recycled plastics differ in properties
hundreds of different material suppliers, representing aluminum in the thermal module. Because recycled aluminum can have 1/40th the carbon
from other plastics. The composition of other recycled footprint of aluminum from primary sources, this supports our pursuit of low-carbon design.42
We’re also accelerating our ambition: materials can also be impacted by some level of an exponential increase in effort as we scale the use Our recycled material comes from several sources, including scrap from the manufacture of
of high-quality recycled or renewable materials across
We recently announced that by contamination during the recycling process. Apple products and other postindustrial sources. And our product claims are supported by
components and products. suppliers who have taken the additional step of getting their recycled content certified by an
2025, we plan to use 100 percent independent, third party.
Availability and access
recycled cobalt in all Apple-designed Regulatory barriers
Supply of recycled and renewable materials can be Cobalt Regulatory barriers In 2022, 25 percent of the cobalt shipped in our products — nearly double the amount shipped
batteries;38 100 percent recycled tin constrained by the limited availability of scrap sources Transboundary movement regulations — created Availability and access in 2021 — came from certified recycled sources on a mass-balance basis, including both
soldering and 100 percent recycled or production of renewable content. When supply exists to establish critically important community and Scale postindustrial scrap and post consumer scrap from end-of-life batteries. The cobalt from
environmental protections — can have the unintended iPhone batteries disassembled by Daisy is being returned to the market, making the material
gold plating of all Apple-designed in some locations around the world, new suppliers need consequence of inhibiting the ability to recover and available to others. And in 2023, Apple committed to using 100 percent recycled cobalt in all
to be incorporated into supply chains for the material to Apple-designed batteries by 2025.43
rigid and flexible printed circuit move materials to best-in-class recyclers or refiners
be accessed.
boards;39 and 100 percent recycled for use in new products. Read about our support of Copper Technical properties Electronics applications require the use of high-performance copper. Yet even as challenges
policies in our feature on circular economy policy that Supply chains remain in identifying quality scrap sources, we’re making progress. In March 2022, we
rare earth elements in all magnets Supply chains
enable circular supply chains while improving social Scale introduced 100 percent recycled copper for the first time in any Apple product: Apple Studio
across all products.40 Recycled or renewable content may not be easily and environmental protections. Display and Mac Studio both use 100 percent recycled copper in the brass prongs of the
accessible on the market, requiring the development of power cord plug and AC inlet. We also continue testing 100 percent recycled copper in other
new supply chains. applications to evaluate its technical properties and performance across product lines. Copper
Below is an overview of our progress is also a key material in printed circuit boards. For iPad (10th generation), introduced in October
2022, we’re using 100 percent recycled copper foil in the main logic board — Apple’s first use of
across the 14 materials that we’re
standalone recycled copper.
prioritizing for recycled or renewable
sourcing. As we work toward our Glass Technical properties Recycled sources are scarce for the quality of glass that we use in our products — and
Availability and access performance of this material is key to the durability of our final products. We’re working hard
goals, we’ll continue to be open about Scale to identify recycled content and incorporate it into the material that we use to produce glass
the challenges that we encounter. parts. The cover glass and back glass of all iPhone and iPad devices contain recycled glass. By
incorporating quality scrap in our applications, we also help keep glass at its highest-purity use
for future recovery.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 38
Material Key challenges Progress Material Key challenges Progress How we source materials:
Gold Regulatory barriers In 2021, iPhone 13 models were the first Apple devices to contain 100 percent certified recycled Steel Regulatory barriers Since steel is a highly recycled material, we focus on keeping it in the highest-quality form Recycled content
Transparency gold, used in the plating of the main logic board and wire of the front and rear cameras. In Technical properties possible, working to recover high-purity steel from our manufacturing scrap and our products Certified recycled content is sourced from recycled
Scale 2022, we expanded our use to the wire of every camera of iPhone 14 and to the plating of Scale at end of life. We’re collaborating with our supply chain partners on opportunities to expand the
materials that have been independently verified by
the printed circuit boards of all newly released Apple Watch models, to iPad Pro 11-inch (4th use of recycled content into components of our products. Scaling the use of recycled steel is
generation), and to AirPods Pro (2nd generation), increasing our use of recycled gold to about a key challenge because there are multiple layers in the supply chain between the raw material third parties to a standard that conforms with ISO
4 percent in 2022 across all product lines — up from 1 percent in 2021. Because primary and and the many components that ultimately become part of our products. We’re making progress 14021. We also account for recycled content that
secondary sources of gold are often commingled, to certify 100 percent recycled sources in realigning these supply chains to use more recycled material. In June 2022, we introduced
has been confirmed by suppliers but hasn’t received
required pioneering industry-leading levels of traceability: we identified suppliers who were able 90 percent recycled steel in the battery tray of MacBook Air with M2 — a first for Apple.
to source and segregate recycled gold sources while meeting our due diligence requirements; third-party verification.
then we elevated these suppliers as preferred vendors. This level of traceability helped us to Tantalum Regulatory barriers We continue to address the challenge of sourcing 100 percent recycled content at the quality
build out a supply chain of exclusively certified recycled content. And in 2023, we committed Availability and access we need for capacitors. We’re actively investigating recovery approaches from end-of-life Responsible sourcing
to using 100 percent recycled gold plating in all Apple-designed rigid and flexible printed circuit
Supply chains electronics to develop further use of this recycled material. Based on material recovery rates, Apple’s Responsible Sourcing of Materials Standard
boards by 2025.44 All gold in Apple products is responsibly sourced, whether it’s primary or
our products may already contain some recycled tantalum. But, to reach our goal, we have to
recycled. For more information, see our Conflict Minerals Report. covers all primary and recycled materials. Our standard
move beyond existing tantalum supply chains that mix primary and secondary content. This
requires starting from the beginning by identifying new sources of quality tantalum scrap, then aligns with leading international standards, including the
Lithium Regulatory barriers We’re shifting toward recycled materials recovered from batteries as they become more building traceable supply chains around exclusively recycled material so that we can verify its UN’s Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
Availability and access viable and economical. We’ve worked to identify sources of recycled content and test the use in high quantities in our products. and OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible
Scale performance of the recycled material to see if it meets our requirements — both at the material
Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and
level and in its application in batteries. This rigorous evaluation is key to maintaining our Tin Scale With tin, we began our efforts to use recycled material on the main logic board for iPhone 6s in
products’ performance as we transition to recycled content over the long term. In January 2023, High-Risk Areas.
2017, and last year we expanded to many flexible printed circuit boards across many products.
Apple began using recycled lithium for the first time in some of our batteries for some products,
This resulted in our recycled tin use increasing to 38 percent on average across all product lines
and we’re in the process of getting this material third-party certified.45
in 2022 — up from 30 percent in 2021. In 2023, we committed to using 100 percent recycled
tin soldering in all Apple-designed rigid and flexible printed circuit boards by 2025.47 As we
Paper For information about our progress on paper, see our feature on packaging. continue to scale use across even more components, we seek to engage an exponentially
increasing number of suppliers in this effort.
Plastics Technical properties We use a broad range of plastics in hundreds of product components, from speakers to
Availability and access keycaps. Each plastic material has different performance requirements that we must maintain as Tungsten Regulatory barriers More than 95 percent of the tungsten used in 2022 came from recycled sources, a significant
Scale we switch to recycled or renewable sources. And we continue to diligently pursue this effort. In Technical properties milestone from prior years. In 2022, all released iPhone models feature 99 percent recycled
2022, we introduced more than 100 parts with an average of over 40 percent recycled plastic. tungsten across the entire device, and all released Apple Watch models feature 100 percent
These include the Apple Watch Ultra antenna lines on the housing, which use plastic from recycled tungsten across the entire device. And with the help of our disassembly robots,
bottles that have been transformed into a stronger, higher-performance material. Daisy and Dave, and our recycling machine, Taz, the tungsten from our Taptic Engine can be
recovered and recycled.
Rare earth Regulatory barriers More than 73 percent of the total rare earth elements that Apple shipped in products in 2022
elements Availability and access came from certified recycled sources, a significant increase from 45 percent used in 2021. Zinc Technical properties We continue to work to identify high-quality sources of recycled zinc. This is a challenge
Scale To reach this progress, we’ve focused on rare earth elements used in magnet manufacturing — Supply chains because the material is prone to accumulating impurities during the recycling process.
praseodymium, neodymium, terbium, and dysprosium — and worked with our supply chain to Each source that we identify is rigorously tested so that recycled materials meet our high
build circular supply paths for the rare earth elements. And we’re featuring greater percentages performance standards. In March 2022, we introduced 100 percent recycled zinc for the first
of recycled rare earth element content across our latest devices: 100 percent in iPhone 14 and time in Studio Display and Mac Studio, which use it in the brass prongs of the power cord plug
Apple Watch Series 8, 99 percent in iPhone 14 Pro Max and Apple Watch Ultra, and 98 percent and AC inlet.
in MacBook Air with M2. We’re also committed to using 100 percent recycled rare earth
elements in all magnets across all products by 2025.46

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 39
FEATURE
Reducing plastic and waste
through packaging innovation
We’re closing in on our goal to Improving the recyclability of our packaging helps reduce
eliminate plastics from our packaging our overall environmental footprint. In 2022, we released
by 2025.48 To get this far, we’ve a number of products with over 95 percent fiber-based
packaging, including iPhone 14 Pro, MacBook Air with
addressed many packaging
M2, and iPad Air (5th generation).49 And this year, we’ve
components that typically rely on continued this work with packaging innovations for
plastic, including large product iPhone, iMac, iPad, and Apple Watch to address the
trays, screen films, wraps, and foam remaining plastic in the smaller parts of our packaging —
labels and lamination.
cushioning, replacing each with fiber
alternatives. We’re now focusing on To eliminate the need for labels on the latest iPhone
implementing innovative alternatives models — iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Pro — we introduced
digital printing directly on the back of boxes.50 We
to the small uses of plastics across
developed a custom high-resolution ultraviolet inkjet
our packaging — like labels and
printer that can print on demand at the manufacturing
lamination — which will help us facilities where iPhone is packaged. We estimate that
address the remaining 4 percent of eliminating the labels will avoid over 300 metric tons
of plastic, over 150 metric tons of paper, and over
plastic in Apple’s packaging footprint.
3700 metric tons of carbon emissions.51
At the same time, we’re taking steps
so that our packaging is recyclable We’re also working to eliminate plastic lamination from our
and that the fiber we source comes packaging. In 2022, iPad Air (5th generation), iPad Pro,
and Apple Watch Series 8 replaced the polypropylene
from recycled sources or responsibly
plastic lamination used on boxes and packaging
managed forests.
components with an overprint varnish. This varnish,
which we developed with rigorous qualification over three
years, makes packaging more recyclable while retaining
the design and feel that our customers expect when
first opening their product. It’s also more efficient; the
overprint varnish process requires a single step rather
than the multiple steps needed previously. In 2022, this
helped us avoid over 1100 metric tons of plastic and over
2400 metric tons of CO2e.52
We carefully developed our new overprint varnish to replace the polypropylene lamination while meeting rigorous quality standards for our packaging recyclability and aesthetic.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 40
Each of these innovations has applications for our other We’re also working to improve the recyclability of our Service’s Forest Products Laboratory — and we continue The Conservation Fund and World Wildlife Fund, we’ve
products — and potential to eliminate plastics. We intend packaging. Apple’s packaging design guidelines factor in to monitor evolving international packaging standards. protected and improved forest management practices
to implement these across our products to reach our goal packaging recyclability, requiring the use of fiber-based on more than one million acres of working forests in the
of eliminating plastics in our packaging. For example, materials that can break back down to pulp as part of As we eliminate plastic in our packaging, we continue to U.S. and China. In 2022, these forests generated enough
overprint varnish replaces the plastic lamination that mixed-paper recycling streams, alongside materials make sure that the wood fiber comes from responsible responsibly sourced fiber to balance all the virgin fiber in
accounts for approximately half the plastics remaining in like cereal boxes.53 These guidelines are supported by sources. Since 2017, all the wood fiber we use for our our packaging, while contributing to the global supply of
our packaging. third-party assessments from firms — including Western packaging comes from either recycled sources or responsibly sourced fiber.54
Michigan University’s Paper Pilot Plant and the U.S. Forest responsibly managed forests. Through partnerships with
Packaging fiber and plastic footprint* (metric tons)
Our goal is to eliminate all plastics from our packaging by 2025.** In 2022, only 4 percent of our packaging
Plastic
footprint was from plastic, and 66 percent came from recycled fiber. Since 2017, 100 percent of the virgin wood
Responsibly sourced virgin fiber** 4%
fiber in our packaging has come from responsible sources.† Recycled fiber
plastic
21%
plastic
21% 21% 14% 10% 8% 6% 4% 4%
2015 31% 2016 30% 2017 30% 2018 32% 2019 33% 2020 35% 2021 33% 2022 30%
172,000 165,000 169,000 187,000 189,000 226,000 257,000 276,000
48% 49% 56% 58% 59% 59% 63% 66%
* Beginning in fiscal year 2022, we expanded our packaging goal boundary to better reflect our impact, resulting in an increase of about 36 percent of our total packaging mass, as reported here. We’re now including retail bags, all finished goods boxes (including plastic content in labels and in-box documentation), packaging sent to our customers as part of Apple Trade In, AppleCare
packaging for whole units and service modules (with the exception of plastics needed to protect items from electrostatic discharge), and secondary packaging of Apple products and accessories sold by Apple. Our goal boundary does not include the inks, coatings, or adhesives used in our packaging In addition to our packaging footprint. We also calculate the fiber used at our
corporate facilities. In fiscal year 2022, this number was 632 metric tons.
** Beginning in fiscal year 2025, we plan to eliminate plastic from packaging. The boundary of Apple’s packaging footprint reflects the boundary of our plastic elimination goal. It includes retail bags, all finished goods boxes (including plastic content in labels and in-box documentation), packaging sent to our customers as part of Apple Trade In, AppleCare packaging for whole units and
service modules (with the exception of plastics needed to protect items from electrostatic discharge), and secondary packaging of Apple products and accessories sold by Apple. Our goal does not include the inks, coatings, or adhesives used in our packaging. We plan to eliminate plastic from the packaging of refurbished products by 2027, once old product packaging designs are
phased out.
† Responsible sourcing of fiber is defined in Apple’s Sustainable Fiber Specification (PDF).

Product longevity We’re committed to building long-lasting devices, and During product development, we test numerous units iPhone retains its value over time*
part of achieving that is designing durable hardware. of a product, relying on the results to inform each
Our products are designed to last. Product longevity To minimize products’ need for repair, we refine features successive round of design. In 2022, Apple introduced
not only makes for a better customer experience but
that improve durability, like water resistance and Ceramic Apple Watch Ultra, with a design developed for the
also is an important aspect of conserving Earth’s finite
Shield, which protects the display on iPhone. And we highest level of durability to support the needs of our
resources and meeting our 2030 carbon neutrality goal.
provide regular software support, so customers can most adventurous and explorative customers. Apple
Our approach combines hardware designed to endure
update their devices to the most recent operating Watch Ultra was designed for demanding conditions that
the rigors of everyday use, regular software updates
systems and unlock the latest features and functionality required a series of new environmental and impact tests
that unlock new features and functionality, and — when
years after purchase. to maintain the device’s high level of reliability. Tests that
needed — high-quality repair services.
our engineering team developed included a random
We’ve also expanded access to safe, reliable, and secure impact test to simulate bike falls, a gravel impact test to
Apple Trade In plays an important role in product
repair services to meet our customers’ needs. When evaluate durability in rugged stone terrain, and additional
longevity. Longer-lasting devices provide our customers
products require repair, customers can more easily environmental tests to support compliance with MIL-STDwith options to access the value of their current device
find repair options that work for them, such as Apple 810H — a standard used for military equipment that‘s
through Apple Trade In or third-party programs.
Authorized Service Providers, the Independent Repair also popular among rugged device manufacturers.57 This
Customers can upgrade to the latest products using a
Provider program, and, starting in 2022, Apple’s Self also included low-pressure testing to simulate a range of
credit according to their device’s trade-in value. This also
Service Repair. environmental conditions, from high altitude to extreme
helps keep products in use for as long as possible so
temperatures, temperature shock, chemical exposure,
that new customers can experience Apple products and Building products to last freezing and thawing, shock, vibration, submersion, and
services with refurbished devices. Making more products
Our customers use our products every day. Which is why other assessments to emulate operations in rugged
and services available to more people is good for our
we design our devices with the rigors of continuous use in settings. Our engineers performed these tests in addition
business, and making those products last longer is better
mind — and to minimize the interruptions of maintenance to other trusted reliability procedures developed through
for the planet.
and repair. iteration across several generations of the Apple Watch
product line.
Products that are designed to last hold their value longer.
Durable hardware is central to our products. Engineers in
iPhone, for example, has the slowest depreciation rate
our Reliability Testing Lab assess our designs against our
among the six leading smartphone manufacturers. And
strict durability standards that measure the performance
compared with flagship Android devices, iPhone holds
of materials, components, and fully assembled products.
an average of 30 percent more value over a four-year
They use testing methods that mimic realistic conditions
buy-back period.55 As of January 2023, iPhone 7, which
in which our customers use their products, assessing
was introduced in 2016, still had monetary value for Apple
many aspects of each device. In-depth user studies
Trade In in the United States.56
to understand how our customers use, and misuse,
their products inform the durability standards that
we’ve established.
100%
Trade-in
value
0%
Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 41
iPhone
Average flagship Android
86.6% 67.9% 74.5% 44.1% 66.1% 32.1% 52.5% 21.1%
1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years
* According to the “2021–2022’s Phone Depreciation Report,” published by BankMyCell, a website that tracks trade-in and sale
value of technology products.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 42
Improving access to repairs and Canada to more than 200 countries worldwide. Global repair locations
We design our products to be used daily with minimal We also continue to expand coverage by offering
need for repair. But if a repair is needed, customers should repair service at our customers’ homes and offices in Apple Authorized Service Providers, In 2022, Apple launched
have easy access to convenient, quality repair services select cities across the United States, providing greater retail stores, and Independent Self Service Repair
Repair Providers
to get their product back up and running as quickly convenience to our customers. We train and certify program in Europe
Self Service Repair
as possible. service personnel to repair Apple products. This helps
them correctly diagnose the issue, leading to successful
We’ve expanded our repair footprint in the past three service and repair and preventing damage to the device
years — nearly doubling the number of professional so that it works as it should.
service locations that have access to genuine Apple
parts, tools, and training. Repair options include Apple In 2022 we introduced Self Service Repair, providing
Store locations, Apple Authorized Service Providers, individuals with access to repair manuals and genuine
participating Independent Repair Providers, mail-in Apple parts and tools through the Apple Self Service
repair centers, onsite service, and Self Service Repair. Repair Store. Self Service Repair is available in the U.S.
This also includes more than 4000 Independent Repair and Europe — including in Belgium, France, Germany,
Providers and a global network of more than 5000 Apple Italy, Poland, Spain, Sweden, and the UK. The new
Authorized Service Providers, with more than 100,000 online store offers more than 45 types of device repairs,
service technicians, that offer support for customers to intended to enable customers who are experienced with
get repairs. the complexities of repairing electronics to service certain
iPhone models, MacBook and Mac computers, and
Since 2019, our Independent Repair Provider program displays themselves.
has enabled independent repair businesses of all sizes
to access genuine Apple parts, tools, diagnostics, and
training. This program expanded from the U.S., Europe,

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 43
Designing products with repairability in mind Keeping products current with of devices introduced in the last four years. These Our customers drive the success of our trade-in
We continue to make progress designing more durable software updates continually high rates of adoption make it clear that programs and those of third parties. Customers who
products and offering customers more repair options. Free software updates also support our product longevity our customers see value in software updates. We also use these options help realize the long-term value that
At the same time, we’re working to make repairs more goals. We provide these to enhance our customers’ offered customers using iOS 15 and iPadOS 15 the option we’ve designed and built into our products — whether
accessible and affordable. iPhone, for example, has experience by allowing them to access the latest features to update only the security features on their device for through trading or passing down their devices or by
even more repairable modules than before, in addition to available to their device for as long as possible. This a while — giving them more time, if they wanted it, to purchasing refurbished products. Each product that‘s
enhanced durability features and water resistance. iPhone includes important security and privacy updates. As we update the entire operating system. refurbished and reused contributes to reducing our overall
14 and iPhone 14 Plus introduced an updated internal continually improve the operating systems that power our environmental footprint.
design that improved the repairability of the back glass products, we also make sure that each software release Extending the life of products and parts
and ease of access to internal components, making runs seamlessly on all supported devices. Customers through refurbishment and reuse Some device parts can also be reused. We’re finding
fixes easier. In the new internal design, the aluminum can benefit from the latest software updates whether Products that last longer make the best use of the new ways to access these valuable components within
housing and back glass are no longer one enclosure, they’re using a brand-new device or one that’s several resources that go into them. Refurbishing and reusing our devices. After recovery, these parts can be used
so repairs to the back glass don’t require replacing the generations older. products helps lower the impact that each device has on to replace existing components or repurposed in new
housing. The 13-inch MacBook Air with Retina display the environment — including carbon intensity per year of creative applications. We continue to expand the number
(2018) and later models also allow for battery replacement iOS 16, our most recent release, extends support back life. We extend the life of our products by building them of parts that can be recovered and refurbished to our
with a stretch-release adhesive, facilitating component to iPhone 8 (2017). iPadOS 16 compatibility goes back to serve more than one owner — enabling customers to high quality and performance standards, and reused as
access. And iPad mini (6th generation) and iPad Air to the fifth-generation iPad (2017), and macOS Ventura exchange devices for an upgrade. replacements. This enables us to reduce the need to
(5th generation) now support the same unit battery supports MacBook models from 2017 and later. The create spare parts as we repair devices. We also remain
replacement in select locations. We’ve also expanded updates in each operating system make the latest We collect devices for refurbishing and reuse through focused on innovation opportunities to reuse accessories
availability of repair parts in countries around the world capabilities — from Messages and the Lock Screen to several programs, including Apple Trade In, the iPhone sent for recycling. For example, we send collected
to support vintage products for up to seven years. For Continuity features — available to a broad user base. Upgrade Program, AppleCare, and our corporate power cables and adapters that still function to our final
example, a program for Mac notebooks makes battery These updates also provide more customers with access Hardware Reuse Program. In 2022, we sent more than assembly sites, where they power products used on
repair available for up to 10 years after the product was to the newest security and privacy features. 12.1 million devices and accessories to new owners production lines.
last distributed. For more information, refer to the support for reuse. The Apple Trade In program, available in 25
page about availability of service parts past warranty. Software updates are popular with our customers. By countries, provides customers with product end-of-life
February 2023, more than 80 percent of all iPhone options — they can access the value of their current
devices introduced in the last four years had updated to device if they upgrade to a newer model, or they can
iOS 16, and iPadOS 16 was being used on 50 percent trade in their device for free.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 44
iPhone longevity journey
R epairable at retail stores, Apple Authorized Service Providers, and central repair locations
Features to enhance durability
2007 2010 2016 2017 2021 2022
iPhone (1st generation) iPhone 4 iPhone 7 iPhone X iPhone 13 iPhone 14
SIM tray SIM tray SIM tray SIM tray SIM tray SIM tray
Battery Battery Battery Battery Battery
Haptics Haptics Haptics Haptics Haptics
Rear camera Rear camera Rear camera Rear camera Rear camera
Main logic board Main logic board Main logic board Main logic board
Display Display Display Display
Splash, water, and dust resistant: IP67* Bottom speaker Bottom speaker Bottom speaker
Sapphire crystal lens cover Enclosure Top speaker Top speaker
Increased durability
TrueDepth camera Enclosure Enclosure
and repairability enhance
Splash, water, and dust resistant: IP67* TrueDepth camera Back glass**
iPhone longevity
S apphire crystal lens cover Splash, water, and dust resistant: IP68* TrueDepth camera
Surgical-grade stainless steel Sapphire crystal lens cover Splash, water, and dust resistant: IP68*
Ceramic Shield S urgical-grade stainless steel Sapphire crystal lens cover
Ceramic Shield Surgical-grade stainless steel
Ceramic Shield
* iPhone 7, iPhone X, iPhone 13 and iPhone 14 models are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions. iPhone 7 and iPhone X have a rating of IP67 under IEC standard 60529 (maximum depth of 1 meter up to 30 minutes). iPhone 14 has a
rating of IP68 under IEC standard 60529 (maximum depth of 6 meters up to 30 minutes). Splash, water, and dust resistance are not permanent conditions and resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for
cleaning and drying instructions. Liquid damage not covered under warranty.
** Back glass repair is available for iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 45
Product end of life We work with best-in-class recyclers to make sure we to continue devising new recycling solutions that can be
can maximize the potential of the recycling materials shared through training and ongoing support. We help
Even after a product reaches the end of its life, the
stream, as well as drive our efforts to close the loop on these partners develop the ability to disassemble our
materials within it can serve the next generation of
key materials. We define best-in-class recyclers as those products and recover as much material as possible while
products. Each time that we effectively recover materials
capable of recovering materials at high rates, and doing minimizing waste.
from end-of-life products, we enable circular supply
so with the best environmental and safety performance.
chains — and make the best use of finite resources.
We verify recyclers’ compliance with our Code and In 2022, we expanded our Apple Recycler Guides to
This takes collaboration — with customers who trade in
Standards through independent third-party assessments. include certain models of iPhone and the new Studio
their products when they’re done using them and with
In addition, we look for our recyclers to maintain regional Display. These guides are developed by our engineering
recyclers capable of recovering materials effectively
leading certifications such as Weeelabex, e-Stewards®, teams to help recyclers optimize recovery and make
from devices. This helps to reduce the need to mine
or R2. sure that the processes can be completed using tools
new materials. It also saves the considerable energy
and procedures available to a wide range of professional
expended in extracting and refining materials, driving
As we expand our partnerships with recyclers across the recyclers. The guides provide valuable insight into the
down emissions and conserving resources.
globe, we’re maintaining the rigorous standards that we recycling process, including recommendations for
require of all suppliers. We assess our recyclers regularly directing disassembled parts to the best downstream
Optimizing recycling through partnerships
for compliance with labor and human rights, security, facilities for resource recovery. As we continue to improve
and innovation
and environment, health, and safety (EHS) standards, material recovery through collaboration, we’re increasing
Our recycling strategy is a key part of our efforts to
regulations, and best practices. In 2022, we conducted the availability of high-quality recycled content on the
create circular supply chains. We’re working to make
61 recycler assessments. We’ve increasingly sought out market for all.
it easier for customers to recycle our products. We
specialty providers capable of handling specific material
provide or participate in product take-back and recycling
streams to increase the quantity and quality of materials, Through the Apple Education Hub, part of our Supplier
collection programs in 99 percent of the countries
and we’ve seen volumes handled by these suppliers Employee Development Fund, we’ve also supported
where we sell products. Our customers can trade in
grow by over 70 percent in 2022. This global footprint efforts to improve recycling capacity, quality, and
devices they’re no longer using for reuse or recycling at
of recyclers also helps us build a more resilient recycling efficiency with our U.S.-based recycling suppliers with a
retail locations and through recycling programs offered
supply chain and innovate with more suppliers around lean manufacturing educational program. Embracing lean
by local operators. They also have the option to do so
the world. methodologies and management systems can bolster
online through platforms like Apple Trade In. In 2022,
employee engagement, mitigate safety issues, and
we directed more than 40,000 metric tons of electronic
Education and training can help us improve recovery rates improve recycling economics.
scrap globally to recycling with the help of customer and
from our products. We’ve invested deeply in this because
employee programs. Our customers play an important
it provides recyclers with the information to improve
role in continuing the growth of these programs, and
efficiency, quality, and capacity. We work with recyclers
we encourage them to engage in these programs by
returning devices after use.
We work with best-in-class recyclers to drive our efforts to close the loop on key materials used in our products.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 46
Beyond our programs around the world, we continue Developing new approaches to disassembly Dave, a robot specializing in disassembling the Taptic Designing for the next generation of recycling
to explore ways to make e-scrap recycling even more and recovery Engine, enables the recovery of rare earth magnets as The greatest opportunities for recycling are yet to
convenient for our customers. Through our membership Innovation plays a key role in realizing the potential of well as tungsten and steel. Taz, which helps recycle come. We’re committed to a long-term approach to Learn more about Apple’s
with Corporate Eco Forum (CEF), we’ve collaborated with recycling — not just for Apple products but throughout modules by separating magnets containing rare earth recycling innovation, relying on and continually improving research with Carnegie
Amazon, Dell Technologies, Google, and Microsoft on a our industry. We continue to develop better, more elements from audio modules, is designed as an current approaches while nurturing new and emerging Mellon University in our
white paper.
doorstep electronics waste recycling pilot program in the efficient means of disassembling products that maximize alternative to the conventional shredder that many technologies. By fostering research and development,
U.S. Launched in February 2022, it offers residents in the material recovery while minimizing waste. Our Material recyclers rely on. While rare earth elements are typically we can identify opportunities for transformative changes.
city of Denver, Colorado, direct pickup of e-waste from Recovery Lab (MRL), an R2-certified facility in Austin, lost in conventional shredders, Taz is designed to We invest with this in mind. And we continue to support
their homes upon request. This pilot will enable us to learn Texas, focuses on assessing the recyclability of our access these valuable materials, improving our overall initiatives that set out to redefine disassembly and
more about consumer behavior, with an ultimate goal of products, helping inform design decisions that support recovery rate. material recovery.
making recycling more convenient for users. disassembly and recovery. The MRL’s work has led the
way in automated approaches to material recovery with We’re also developing new technologies at our Santa We’re investing in recycling innovations that can have
We’re also continuing our partnership with Atea — our robots Daisy, Dave, and Taz. Clara Valley, California, asset recovery center that leverage industry-wide impacts. For several years, we’ve worked
a leading provider of IT infrastructure solutions in the automation and machine learning to facilitate recycling with Carnegie Mellon University’s Biorobotics Lab in
Nordic and Baltic region — to collect end-of-life iPhone Daisy, our disassembly robot, is capable of quickly and processes that typically require manual sorting, which the School of Computer Science’s Robotics Institute to
devices for recycling with our Daisy robot in the skillfully taking apart 23 models of iPhone — including can be time-intensive and error-prone. This work aims to identify and disassemble e-scrap. This innovation has
Netherlands. We encourage more of our customers various models between iPhone 5 and iPhone 12 — into create low-cost solutions that our suppliers can deploy the potential to enable recyclers to recover the materials
around the world to engage with Apple to return end- discrete components. This vital step helps improve to recover more materials, freeing up their employees for at a higher quality. The software from this project will
of-life devices to us so that materials are returned to material recovery and recycling and yields clear results. more complex tasks that can’t be easily automated. be open source and available to others in the industry
the circular economy. To learn more about our recycling From just one metric ton of iPhone main logic boards, that are working to maximize the recovery of recyclable
programs, visit the Apple Recycling Programs web page. flexes, and camera modules recovered by Daisy, our The benefits we’re trying to achieve aren’t strictly materials. We’ve also worked with the lab to improve the
recycling partner is capable of recovering the same resource based. We’re also working to improve the accuracy of disassembly and the recovery of materials
amount of gold and copper as more than 2000 metric material handling efforts of demanufacturing. In 2022, we through X-ray imaging with RGB imaging. And we’re
tons of mined rock.58 We hope other innovators follow began deploying overhead projector-based augmented optimizing our robots’ abilities to handle objects and
suit. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued Apple reality systems to recyclers. This system projects adjust to contact, enabling them to “feel” by using highfive patents related to Daisy, and we’re willing to license instructions for demanufacturing processes onto the work frequency force feedback and machine learning. Through
these to researchers and other electronics manufacturers surface. This innovation is designed to further improve this work, we’re driving toward developing truly intelligent
that are developing their own disassembly processes.59 safety, productivity, and efficiency. disassembly technology.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 47
Feature
Our position on circular
economy policy
The responsible use of natural Over the last year, Apple has reached new milestones Policy can help accelerate progress. A thriving, Improving material recovery: Apple is working to realize a circular economy through
resources is a critical part of in our products and our efforts to demonstrate what’s responsible, circular economy supports critically • Support the development of efficient collection policy engagement and advocacy.
Apple’s environmental objectives. possible in circularity. We’re aiming for even greater use important health, safety, and environmental protections. It programs that engage customers, protect
Apple supports the ratification of the Basel Convention by
of recycled content in our products. Our commitments can also enable closed loop supply chains to be cost and environmental and human health, and capture high
Extracting the materials that the United States. This would help enable circular supply
include using 100 percent recycled cobalt — a critical operationally competitive with linear models. Harmonized volumes of electronics for reuse, repair, refurbishment,
make up our products comes with mineral — in Apple-designed batteries and using policies can remove barriers and drive the transition to and recycling. chains and address some current barriers to efficient
materials recovery and reuse. The Basel Convention
significant environmental costs. We 100 percent recycled rare earth elements in all magnets, circularity by meeting the following high-level objectives: • Waste regulations should be consistent and
is the global regulatory framework guiding how some
work to minimize these by using both by 2025.60 And advancements in recycling harmonized across geographies, enabling efficient,
waste — including electronics and e-scrap — can
technology help make this possible. For example, cobalt Sourcing and recycling materials responsibly: commercially viable movement of materials. Such
materials efficiently so that we be moved for recovery, recycling, and disposal. The
recovered from iPhone batteries disassembled by Daisy • Policies should seek to improve strict labor, human policies can drive maximum materials recovery,
can one day build all our products is returned to the market. And Taz — which we developed rights, and environmental standards throughout prevent downcycling, and help enable parity with convention provides critical environmental and social
protections, especially against moving hazardous waste
out of recycled or renewable as an alternative to traditional shredders for breaking recycled and primary materials supply chains. newly mined resources while maintaining critical
to geographies that lack the resources to manage it in
materials. This circularity ambition down electronics — enables us to recover even greater • Circularity should be a priority for policies that aim to environmental and social protections. an environmentally sound manner. Countries that have
amounts of rare earth elements. This more efficient and address sources of supply over new ways or locations
is an integral part of our strategy to ratified the convention can move materials covered by the
economical approach makes these materials available to for resource extraction. Recycling electronics will help Improving recycling:
meet our goal of being fully carbon others beyond our supply chain. unlock the valuable materials in those devices for • Incentivize the inclusion of recycled content in agreement among themselves, following the agreement’s
regulatory requirements.
neutral in 2030, including across reuse, reducing reliance on newly mined resources. products by supporting the generation of increased,
the lifetime use of our products. We’ve also expanded our Self Service Repair program high-quality material supply, including improving The U.S. is one of a very small number of countries not
from iPhone 12 and iPhone 13 to include MacBook Air Designing for longevity: waste collection and recycling infrastructure, the
party to the Basel Convention. This imposes restrictions
and MacBook Pro notebooks with the M1 family of chips. • Policies should strive to maximize product longevity development of global waste treatment standards,
Global demand for electronics is increasing, and with it, on the movement of Basel-controlled wastes for recycling
This makes repair manuals and genuine Apple parts while minimizing environmental impact, by enabling and recycled content quality standards.
so is the demand for the materials that make up those or resource recovery into or from the U.S. to nearly all
and tools available to customers through the Apple Self the optimal balance between designing for reliability • Support the development of advanced electronics
products. Awareness is growing of the finite nature of other countries in the world, requiring specific trade
Service Repair Store. We continue to build, support, and ease of repair. recycling facilities that can recover more types of
some of these resources, such as critical minerals or rare agreements with another country. The U.S. ratifying the
and participate in circular supply chains. But challenges • Ecodesign policies are most effective in delivering resources, including materials that are difficult to
earth elements — as well as of the complex, globally convention would unlock more efficient movement of
remain to achieve fully circular electronics supply chains. environmental benefits when they’re product-specific recover or of lower value.
interrelated nature of the supply chains that electronics material to high-quality electronics recycling facilities,
and globally aligned.
rely on. Circularity plays an important role in helping helping scale circularity and the available supply
realize environmental benefits while building supply chain of recycled material. It would also allow the U.S. to
resilience. Policy can be part of the solution, helping participate in the global conversation around how to
transition from the older “take-make-dispose” linear protect communities and environmental health and create
model to circular supply chains. This reflects changing more efficient and effective circular supply chains.
technologies as well as current and future demands,
making circular supply chains competitive with traditional,
extractive ones.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 48
Water
Water is among the planet’s most Water quality is another challenge. We’ve made it a This strategy is informed by geographically specific Our water strategy
precious resources. We consider the priority to maintain the quality of the water that we use insights. Resources like the World Resources Institute
full life cycle of water as we bring our and discharge so that it will be suitable for its next use, (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas provide detailed insights
contributing to the overall health of local watersheds. on local watershed health, such as baseline water stress.
products and services to life. And we
Understanding that 37 percent of our corporate and LOW-WATER DESIGN
know that to protect this resource, Water is a community resource, and it demands equitable supply chain water use is located in areas of high or Minimize water impacts in the design of products, services,
we must go beyond our corporate distribution and access, which requires a collective extreme basin stress helps inform the prioritization of and sites.
footprint, across our supply chain and approach to challenges and local solutions. This is why our efforts.61
we’re committed to engaging watershed stakeholders
into the communities and watersheds
through supporting Alliance for Water Stewardship We continue to monitor and manage water use in our
where we operate. certifications for our suppliers and key corporate owned-and-operated facilities, and we go beyond the SITE EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION
facilities, as well as by participating in local watershed typical practice in our industry by further engaging with Improve the performance of existing sites and processes.
Climate change continues to impact global water management projects. our suppliers across our manufacturing supply chain sites
resources — making freshwater increasingly scarce, to better understand their water use. Only by considering
flooding more frequent, and access more vulnerable. We aspire to advance water security in the places where impacts throughout the value chain can we achieve the
These effects can be felt in the communities where we we operate through actions that deliver on our guiding water management goals that we’ve set for ourselves. SITE WATER STEWARDSHIP
and our suppliers operate, which is why we’re committed principles of improving availability, quality, and access. Demonstrate responsibility beyond our facilities through
to managing these resources responsibly. We can do so We’ve aligned our approach across five strategic pillars: watershed level management.
by reducing our freshwater withdrawals and returning low-water design, site efficiency and conservation, site
clean water to the watershed. We can limit the use of water stewardship, replenishment and nature-based
freshwater. And, where appropriate, we can rely on solutions, and leadership and advocacy.
REPLENISHMENT AND NATURE-BASED
alternative sources such as recycled water for functions
like irrigation and cooling so that freshwater is available for SOLUTIONS
people and ecosystems. Improve water availability, quality, and access through
regenerative approaches.
LEADERSHIP AND ADVOCACY
Advance water management through policy, advocacy, and
technology innovation.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 49
Low-water design One example is our new Capstone campus in Austin,
Texas, where we aim to achieve net-zero water use.
We approach low-water design by first focusing on site
To accomplish this, the campus will rely on an onsite
selection, conducting a water risk evaluation to determine
wastewater reuse system, as well as condensate recovery
whether a potential site is in a water-stressed area or
and stormwater capture, limiting potable water use to
not. We aim to avoid locating water-intensive processes
potable purposes only. This effort will avoid 60 million
in water-stressed locations, so we either use the results
gallons of freshwater use, relying instead on nonpotable
to select a more appropriate site where possible, or to
water for cooling and toilet flushing.63 This cooling
mitigate the impact of our expected water use.
approach will also allow us to achieve 28 million kWh
in energy savings annually at the location.
Then, we look to systems and processes that use less
water or reuse water, so that we can limit excess water
In our supply chain, a majority of water is used during
consumption and, where possible, eliminate waste. We
manufacturing. For example, in 2019 we launched a
also design solutions to manage the quality of the water
pilot program at a manufacturing location in China as
that we return to the watershed.
part of our anodizing improvement program with the
aim of reducing, and eventually eliminating, potentially
In our corporate operations, we discharge the majority of
hazardous discharge as well as reducing water and
our wastewater to the sanitary sewer. Up to 44 percent
chemical use. Anodizing is the most water-intensive
of the water that we use at our corporate locations is
process in the metal-finishing process of enclosures.
discharged back into the local water system rather
As part of the pilot, we employed several water efficiency
than consumed.62 We monitor the water quality
approaches, including using cascade and counterflow
from sites where we have an industrial wastewater
rinsing processes, which helped retain 75 to 85 percent
discharge so that each location meets or exceeds local
of the water used during metal finishing. This process
discharge requirements.
improvement has the potential to save millions of gallons
of freshwater annually when applied at scale.
The aluminum anodizing process is typically water-intensive. In 2019, we launched a pilot to seek to eliminate hazardous discharge and increase water efficiency from anodizing.
The cascade and counterflow rinsing processes, which helped retain 75 to 85 percent of the water used during metal finishing, could save millions of gallons of freshwater annually
when applied at scale.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 50
Water use at corporate facilities Site efficiency and conservation These efforts start at the local level. In Santa Clara Valley, We also require our suppliers to maintain the high
California, where our corporate headquarters are located, standards for water discharge outlined in the Apple
We track our corporate water use for our data centers, retail stores, Next, we focus on identifying steps to use less freshwater
we’ve pursued water conservation across our landscaping Supplier Code of Conduct. Through Apple’s Clean
distribution centers, and corporate offices. in our existing operations. In particular, we prioritize
efforts. This includes six new projects in 2022, saving Water Program, we help suppliers minimize process
regions where our efforts can immediately reduce stress
1.2 million gallons of water. We intend to expand this work water impacts and adopt best practices in wastewater
on local watersheds. Our corporate and supplier sites
<1% to an additional 16 conservation projects in 2023. treatment. We make our expectations clear to our
rely on water for everything from sanitation and climate
suppliers and help define operational approaches so that
OTHER ALTERNATIVE SOURCES control to maintaining green spaces and manufacturing.
At our data centers, we’ve upgraded and replaced servers they have the support needed to achieve their optimal
We also capture rainwater and recover At each point, we seek out efficiencies and approaches to
to reduce our cooling water usage by 60 million gallons level of water efficiency and conservation. There’s a
condensate as alternative water sources for reduce our freshwater use.
annually. We’ve also piloted a resin water treatment clear business imperative to develop these practices,
use onsite.
system that resulted in a 30 percent reduction in makeup particularly in manufacturing and production where water
One challenge we’ve committed to addressing is reducing
water use and up to 60 percent reduction in discharge.65 is critical for power generation, cleaning, and cooling
water use, even as we grow in our corporate facilities.
9% Based on this success, we are implementing this processes. Water scarcity around the world requires that
Separating growth from water use requires dedicated
technology at our data centers in Prineville, Oregon, and we focus on shifting this program away from voluntary
RECYCLED WATER focus. In 2022, our facilities used about 1.5 billion gallons
Mesa, Arizona. Additionally, we piloted a plant-based engagement. We’re working to incorporate water
We source recycled water as a key of water in our direct operations, a 9 percent increase
water treatment using sustainably harvested sphagnum requirements into our procurement decision-making so
alternative to freshwater and use it from 2021. Some of this growth reflects the return
moss at several data centers, helping eliminate the need that supplier engagement scales faster.
primarily for irrigation, cooling systems, to office from the COVID pandemic, but most of the
for biocides and corrosion inhibitors. This system, which
and toilet flushing. Our recycled water increase was driven by corresponding growth in our data
uses compostable, natural sphagnum moss to improve Our supply chain accounts for 99 percent of our total
1,527 comes mostly from municipal treatment center cooling loads. We expect currently implemented water quality, can further improve water savings. We water footprint, based on our detailed water inventory.
plants, with less than 5 percent coming improvements in water use effectiveness (WUE) and new
implemented this at our Reno, Nevada, data center and That’s why we partner closely with our suppliers through
Mgal from onsite treatment. dry cooling designs at our data centers to decouple water
have begun permanent installations in Maiden, North our Clean Water Program. Since the program’s launch in
use from electricity use.
Carolina, and Mesa, Arizona. 2013, more than 234 participating supplier sites increased
their average reuse rate to 42 percent and saved our
Last year, alternative water sources accounted for about
We’re also expanding our efforts to recover water suppliers 13 billion gallons of freshwater in 2022, for a
10 percent of our total corporate water usage — primarily
that’s otherwise wasted. Six new condensate recovery total of over 63 billion gallons of water savings.66 These
from municipal recycled water sources. At Apple locations
installations — including four in Santa Clara Valley savings come from a range of initiatives, such as reuse of
in Texas, North Carolina, Ireland, Taiwan, and Japan,
and installations at our new Capstone campus in reclaimed water, upgrades to water-efficient equipment,
we used rainwater capture systems to source 3 million
90% gallons of water; from our newly installed condensate Austin, Texas, and at our Maiden, North Carolina, data and countercurrent rinse methods.
center — harvest excess water from cooling systems to
FRESHWATER recovery systems in Santa Clara Valley, Austin, and North
be redirected to cooling towers and for landscaping use
Carolina, we captured 1.5 million gallons of condensate
We define freshwater as drinking-water quality, the that would otherwise be discharged.
in 2022. Through our low-water design and site efficiency
majority of which comes from municipal sources and
and conservation efforts, we saved 152 million gallons of
less than 5 percent of which comes from groundwater.
freshwater in 2022 from projects implemented since 2017.64

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 51
Site water stewardship We’re also active in the communities where our facilities from the large aquifer that underlies Prineville, treats the In 2022, we partnered with Frank Water in India to
are located. In Prineville, we supported the Deschutes water, and then conveys it uphill to a smaller local aquifer. develop and implement a water resource management
We look beyond our operations and those of our suppliers
Land Trust in the protection of the Ochoco Preserve, In the summer, this stored water is pumped to meet our plan through a community-based WASH grant that
to address shared water challenges. This involves
which is situated at the confluence of the Ochoco and cooling needs so that our water usage doesn’t affect focuses on increasing water stewardship through
engaging with the communities around our facilities for
McKay creeks — a major salmon and steelhead trout city water supplies. This response to seasonal variability improving decision making around water and climate
the protection of local watersheds. Since 2018, we’ve
habitat in the Crooked River basin. In Reno, Nevada, and helps provide water security and drought resilience for resilience. Frank Water works alongside local partners so
partnered with the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS)
the surrounding areas, we continue to partner with The the region. that safe water, sanitation, and hygiene are within reach
to advance the AWS Standard, the first global framework
Nature Conservancy for restoration and clean-up efforts for communities experiencing challenges in accessing
to measure responsible water stewardship across social,
of natural habitats along the Truckee River. We’re also engaged with the Uptime Catalyst Facility water resources. And in 2023, we joined the UN Water
cultural, environmental, and economic criteria. In 2020,
in India, one of our key corporate locations with water, Conference to speak to the importance of corporate
Apple joined the AWS board of trustees with the objective
Replenishment and sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) challenges, to introduce leadership on water, emphasizing the importance of
of highlighting water stewardship opportunities to our
an innovative performance-based program that allows supply chain actions.
suppliers and promoting collective action on shared water nature-based solutions
clean, cold water to be more widely distributed and
challenges with the Information and Communications
A key element to addressing water availability, quality, maintained. This will generate a volumetric water benefit We also take positions on issues that matter to us and
Technology sector.
and access is replenishment efforts and nature-based annually, equivalent to our direct operations freshwater where we can try to make a difference. We’re engaging
approaches to restoring watersheds. Our goal is to withdrawal in India.67 with the development of the next phase of Volumetric
Through AWS, we’ve been able to certify facilities
replenish our corporate freshwater withdrawals in high Water Benefit Accounting methodology with the WRI and
that meet the AWS Standard, considering benefits
stress locations. This work is underway with some Leadership and advocacy others to further the replenishment and nature-based
and recognizing impacts to local water catchments,
key projects. solutions industry.
communities, and ecosystems. Our Prineville, Oregon,
Our work on water affords us another opportunity: to
data center was the first facility of its kind to receive
In partnership with the Bonneville Environmental lead with others and push for change across industries.
AWS certification in 2021. In January 2023, our Reno,
Foundation, we’re funding the removal of the invasive We collaborate with groups, including AWS and the
Nevada, and Mesa, Arizona, data centers also achieved
Arundo donax cane species in the San Fernando Valley Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), and speak
certification. We are on track to certify all of our owned
area of the Los Angeles River watershed. This plant to audiences that are in a position to impact their
and operated data centers by 2025.
species monopolizes space, sunlight, and water, displacing communities and industries. In May 2022, we addressed
wildlife and stressing local watersheds. This removal effort the AWS Global Water Stewardship Forum in Edinburgh to
Since 2018, 17 of our supplier sites have achieved
addresses water availability in the watershed that feeds discuss our stewardship strategy supply chain. In October
certification for the AWS Standard, 15 of which achieved
the greater Los Angeles area and will deliver 55 million 2022, we addressed the RBA’s annual conference in
a Platinum rating — the highest score achievable within
gallons of replenished water annually. Santa Clara, California, with AWS to promote collective
the AWS framework. In January 2022, Suzhou Industrial
action on key catchment identification in the ICT sector in
Park — with the help of Apple and other partners —
In 2018, we partnered with the City of Prineville to develop order to further accelerate supplier participation in water
become the first industrial park in the world to earn the
an aquifer storage and recovery (ASR) system. The ASR stewardship efforts, including supplier hubs in priority
AWS certification.
system pumps water during the winter off-peak months water basins.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 52
Zero waste
All waste that gets sent to landfill Reducing waste at our to reusable alternatives. These certifications also reflect
comes with costs. These can be corporate facilities efforts working and coordinating with local partners, from
measured in the resources and composters to specialty recyclers capable of handling
We’re reducing the amount of waste generated in our specific waste streams, like plastic wraps and foams. By
emissions that go into discarded corporate operations and directing more to recycling partnering with these providers, we’re able to support the
materials. And, too often, the most programs — an effort that has continued since launching local economies engaging in recycling and composting as
vulnerable communities around our Zero Waste Program in 2018. Initially we focused on an alternative to municipal waste disposal programs.
U.S. campuses and retail locations. Since then, we’ve
the world carry a disproportionate
grown in the U.S. and around the world while remaining Promoting material reuse, composting, and
burden of these costs and others committed to sending zero waste to landfill. waste diversion across our corporate and
associated with waste disposal. We’re retail locations
In 2022, recycling and composting efforts allowed us to
working to change this by prioritizing As our company grows and changes, we’ve prioritized
achieve a waste diversion rate of 71 percent — up from
waste-free operations at our own finding opportunities to recycle construction and
68 percent in 2021 — limiting landfill waste from our
demolition waste. In 2022, we achieved a waste
facilities as well as those of our global operations to about 16,000 metric tons.68 Despite
diversion rate of 83 percent — approximately
manufacturing suppliers. occupancy increases during our transition from COVID- 23,500 metric tons — from corporate office and data
related temporary closures, our overall waste generated
center construction and demolition projects through
remained low.
At our offices, retail locations, data centers, and recycling and source separation efforts. We expanded
construction sites, we’re implementing systems and source separation efforts for our corporate office and
We haven’t interrupted our efforts to make progress
approaches to avoid sending waste to landfill. We’re data center construction projects — from 7.2 percent
on waste diversion since achieving our first zero-waste
asking our manufacturing suppliers to do the same. participation in 2021 to 36 percent across projects
certification, UL’s Zero Waste to Landfill validation, in
Our focus is on eliminating waste generated during in 2022. The locations using this approach saw a
2015 for our campus in Cork, Ireland. In 2023, our Taiwan
manufacturing and engaging with local specialty recyclers 10 percent higher overall diversion rate. An example of
Technology Center became the second Apple facility
and composters to redirect materials from landfills. This the effectiveness of source separation is our new office
to receive the UL Solutions Zero Waste to Landfill
requires innovation and collaboration with local partners in Battersea Power Station in London, United Kingdom.
validation.69 And our data center in Viborg, Denmark,
to make the best use of our resources. We measure our Our team there achieved a 98 percent diversion rate of
became the third facility to receive TRUE certification
progress in the amount of waste that we divert at the construction waste, including 300 tons of drywall, onein 2023, joining our data centers in Mesa, Arizona, and
source and by our ability to protect the communities fifth of which was directed to agricultural uses such as
Prineville, Oregon.70 These facilities achieved TRUE
where we and our suppliers operate. mushroom cultivation and farming. The project reused
Platinum, the highest certification level. TRUE recognizes
timber onsite and donated key construction materials,
facilities that divert more than 90 percent of waste
including plasterboard, for local uses. The location also
for recycling, compost, or reuse. To accomplish this,
recycled personal protective equipment used during
we improved waste separation through infrastructure
construction and build-out.
upgrades and moved away from single-use materials
In 2023, our Viborg, Denmark, facility became the third to receive TRUE Platinum certification, which requires more
than 90 percent of waste from a facility to be recycled, composted, or redirected for reuse.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 53
We also focus on using less so that we reduce the and data centers are participating in composting. We’re of our waste. This data will allow for better assessment landfill. Our Zero Waste Program provides training and
waste to be recycled or sent to landfill. By identifying also using technology to improve our diversion rates at of our waste practices and opportunities to improve our tools to help suppliers track their waste, set wastesignificant sources of waste — like packaging materials corporate locations. At our offices in Santa Clara Valley approaches. We also launched site-specific zero-waste minimization goals, and create improvement plans toward 150
and commonly used equipment — and then working and Culver City, California, we piloted waste sensor training for all Apple data centers. All new data center achieving zero waste for their operations.
with our suppliers, we’ve found bulk packaging solutions technology, a system that employs cameras and data employees are now required to complete the site-specific
Over 150 Apple
and recyclable and reusable alternatives. Across our collection within dumpsters to monitor contamination zero-waste training and receive manager approval of We make available to all facilities participating in the
supplier facilities are
data center sites, we’re switching to reusable air filters. and increase diversion efficiency. The data provides completion. Finally, we’ve standardized signage at our program resources and guidance on how to reduce zero-waste verified.
Previously, there were no off-the-shelf reusable air filters collectors with accurate information on volume to inform data centers with contextual signs for logistics and waste and then reuse, recycle, or compost the waste they
available for our application. In 2019, we partnered with scheduling of pickups and the use of appropriately sized operations, as well as for office and administrative sites. do create. Suppliers at these locations can also access
an industry-leading automotive filtration and technology hauling containers. tools to improve waste management and, in some cases,
company to design a sustainable solution that met very Taking a zero-waste approach onsite support. The program is making an impact: In
specific design criteria for our design centers. And more We remain committed to the safe and responsible 2022, suppliers redirected 523,000 metric tons of waste
with our suppliers 2.5M
than 38,000 reusable high-performance air filters — management of hazardous waste. So that wastes from landfills (up from 491,000 metric tons the previous
which are available for other companies to use — have are treated, recycled, or incinerated according to We’re committed to leaving no waste behind in the year), bringing the total to 2.5 million metric tons since
been placed in Apple-managed facilities worldwide to safety and environmental standards in the U.S., Apple communities where we build our products. Our suppliers, the program’s inception — the equivalent of eliminating 2.5 million metric tons of
date. By replacing disposable air filters with reusable performs audits of treatment, storage, and disposal recyclers, and waste solution providers are central to 3.1 million square meters of landfill space. Throughout waste were redirected from
landfill by supplier facilities
ones, we avoid landfilling 25 tons of dirty filters each year. facilities (TSDFs), with 12 performed in 2022. We achieving this goal. We’re working with them to eliminate 2022, 100 percent of established final assembly sites —
as part of Apple’s Zero
Further, the reusable air filters are more energy efficient, continually reevaluate the facilities used for disposal and waste from our manufacturing processes. Since we including for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, AirPods,
Waste Program.
leading to 35 percent savings in fan energy use. And we management of hazardous and regulated wastes, working launched the Zero Waste Program for our manufacturing HomePod, Apple TV, and Beats — maintained zerointend to rely exclusively on reusable filters at data centers to assess disposal method, availability, economics, partners in 2015, we’ve continued to make considerable waste-to-landfill operations.71
from here on out. and sustainability. progress. And this program has expanded to include
more than 300 supplier facilities across 14 countries And we’re working on the next challenge in achieving
We’re working to keep waste that’s unavoidable out of Driving solutions internally through and regions. zero waste, which is a level deeper into the subassembly
landfills. This requires sorting items correctly to redirect communication, reporting, and education module suppliers who assemble the individual
waste to recycling and composting where possible. To Our employees are one of our best resources in achieving In 2022, we shifted our Zero Waste Program from an components that make up Apple products. The
enable this, we make clearly labeled containers available our zero-waste goals. They play a critical role in reporting opt-in effort for suppliers to a requirement as part of our waste stream at this level is often more complex than
throughout our locations. For example, we’re working on waste and facilitating waste audits at our locations. We Supplier Code of Conduct. This means that suppliers final assembly sites, but we’re making progress. This
to reduce contamination and increase recycling rates support these efforts with training, education, and access are now required to implement a systematic approach to year, module suppliers — including core technology
by continuing to roll out consolidated bins for recycling, to resources. In 2022, we standardized waste reporting identifying all sources of waste and characterizing each suppliers — that are participating in the Zero Waste
composting, and landfill and by improving signage. We requirements across all our data centers and corporate stream in the waste inventory, developing a program or Program increased by 50 percent. Eliminating landfill
recycle paper, plastic, aluminum, and cardboard materials offices and implemented a centralized dashboard system. solution to quantify and monitor their waste-to-landfill waste across these sites marks both a significant effort
at most of our corporate and retail sites worldwide. And Our retail auditing program examined 13 locations in diversion rate, setting waste-minimization goals, and and an achievement, diverting more than 357,000 metric
more than 450 of our corporate offices, retail stores, North America, documenting the material characteristics maintaining progress toward achieving zero waste to tons of waste from landfills.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 54
Getting to zero through innovation We’ve also achieved reductions by developing thinner Engaging with suppliers to reduce waste which allows for third-party zero-waste verification at a
Innovation plays a significant role in advancing progress stretch wrapping film used on pallets for final product We work closely with our suppliers to realize our zero- systems level rather than at a site level. The assurance
toward zero waste within our supply chain. We use novel packaging. This wrapping film is a significant portion of waste goals. This work faces a range of challenges, procedure has allowed us to accelerate the verification
recycling strategies and approaches to divert greater the virgin plastic usage in our supply chain. The thinner including a lack of access to recycling technologies, process significantly and establishes a new model that
quantities of waste from landfill in our supplier facilities at film reduces the amount of plastic needed by up to the absence of local infrastructure, and the lower value companies across industries can employ to verify zeroeven greater rates. But we also pursue material solutions 50 percent. We’ve shared the formula for our proprietary of recyclable material that impacts the economics of waste programs at scale. This streamlined approach has
to impact the waste streams coming into these facilities thinner stretch film with our suppliers’ current wrapping recycling. We engage with our suppliers to address these brought even more suppliers into our program, with more
to simplify and maximize the recyclable content that our film vendors to help accelerate its adoption while challenges through knowledge sharing. The Waste to than 150 validated in 2022 — a 50 percent increase from
suppliers work with. producing stronger wrapping films for product packaging. Resource database that we designed provides access the previous year.72
to available technologies and local recyclers that we’ve
We’ve partnered with our suppliers and local businesses Another opportunity for waste reduction is to decrease collected from the suppliers that we work with. The We also provide support for our suppliers in verifying their
to create new recycling options and develop opportunities the amount of plastic tape used on our production lines — database provides information on more than 1000 zero-waste efforts. The foundation of our Zero Waste
for material reuse. Recycling and reuse provide and to develop a stronger paper tape that can act as an resources across more than 177 cities in China, Thailand, Program since launch has been following the UL 2799
environmental benefits and can help our suppliers alternative. An audit of our production processes showed and Vietnam — a number that grows as we and our Zero Waste to Landfill Environmental Claim Validation
increase material efficiency while reducing the costs that the plastic tape used to secure parts before assembly suppliers share valuable resources through the database. Procedure (ECVP), which requires at least 90 percent
associated with material waste. At final assembly supplier is often mixed with paper tape, making it difficult to sort As more of our suppliers achieve their zero-waste goals, diversion through methods other than waste-to-energy.
sites, more of our suppliers use the recyclable and and divert from landfill to a recycling process. And in many we’re able to learn and share more information. We plan Through this standard, our supplier facilities can certify
reusable alternatives that we helped develop for key cases, the plastic tape wasn’t needed. We found that for to make this resource public for the benefit of the entire against clear benchmarks for waste diversion, including
sources of waste. In particular, our Recyclable Protective 75 percent of the parts secured with plastic tape, paper electronics industry. Platinum, Gold, and Silver levels of verification. We’ve
Films (RPFs) that protect products during manufacturing tape could perform equally well. We then worked with spent the last seven years expanding this program
and the reusable trays used to deliver modules safely an industry-leading tape producer with the technology Reducing waste is an ongoing collaboration between us throughout our supply chain, with suppliers in China,
through assembly sites have helped our suppliers to produce a strong, lower-cost paper alternative. This and our suppliers and recycling vendors. We’re actively India, and Vietnam becoming UL validated. In 2022,
reduce waste. new paper tape alternative was put to use for 200 parts, sharing best practices and innovative approaches to Thailand joined that list when a local Apple supplier
eliminating 1200 metric tons of virgin plastic from our reduce waste; and we’re matching our suppliers with became the first in the country to receive UL 2799
waste streams. capable recycling technologies that help eliminate waste ZWTL Gold validation. Since we switched from individual
throughout the process of manufacturing our products. site verification to system-level verification, suppliers
participating in the assurance program can easily
One example of this is a tool developed by Apple and apply their verification statements from UL. Following
UL Solutions, our partner that validates zero-waste the switch, many suppliers maintained their individual
efforts. The tool provides the first-ever supply chain certification for their own purposes.
zero-waste management system assurance program,

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 55
Feature
Green buildings
Each space that we build presents Our environmental approach to design and construction We bring a similar environmental approach to our retail
an opportunity to realize the type of adheres to industry-recognized best practices for store development. In Vancouver, Canada, we reopened
world we’d like to live in — one that’s green buildings that promote renewable energy, water Apple Pacific Centre, nearly doubling the previous 100 Apple buildings
conservation, energy efficiency, and responsible material store’s size while reimagining features and elements worldwide are LEED
inclusive and accessible, reflects or BREEAM certified
sourcing. As of 2022, 100 of our corporate offices and to incorporate the location as a creative hub for the
the value we place on creativity data centers across the world are LEED (Leadership in community. The design drew from the local landscape for environmental
performance as of 2022.
and innovation, and furthers our Energy and Environmental Design) or BREEAM (Building and ecosystem, including a facade surrounded by
environmental goals. Whether Research Establishment Environmental Assessment 10 magnolia trees sourced from the Pacific Northwest.
Method) certified. That number grows each year as we The store’s exterior is framed by a living wall spanning
we’re constructing a data center or
develop more than 17 million square feet of green building more than 40 feet and featuring 144 species of locally
corporate office or restoring a historic space globally. sourced plants. Designed to stay lush throughout the
site to house a retail outlet, we have year, the living wall promotes bee and insect habitats
Our global footprint requires that we adapt to the needs of and naturally absorbs heat and traffic noise. Our new
an opportunity to advance our vision.
different locations and climates while pursuing our overall store in London, United Kingdom, Apple Brompton Road
objectives. In 2022, four Apple sites in the U.S. and China features a unique curved ceiling and 12 towering Sicilian
earned LEED Gold certification. One example is for the ficus trees. Both spaces, like all Apple facilities, source
construction of a corporate facility in California, where we 100 percent renewable electricity.
achieved an 80 percent diversion rate for construction
materials — 15 percent more than the average diversion Each Apple building needs to coexist with its environment
rate typically observed in this region — by separating while meeting our standards for human-centric design.
the majority of recovered materials and sending them We work hard to strike this balance and harness the
to local specialty recyclers. We sourced FSC-certified creativity and innovation that these challenges demand.
wood for 98 percent of the wood used in this project.
And 50 percent of its structural materials were sourced
from regional manufacturers, less than 500 miles away,
minimizing material transport by using local suppliers.
In 2022, we opened Apple Brompton Road which sources 100 percent renewable electricity,
like all Apple facilities.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 56
Protecting those who
make, use, and recycle
Smarter
our products by using
safer materials
Chemistry

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 57
Goals and progress
Key
GOAL GOAL GOAL
Achieved
Avoid exposure to chemicals that Integrate smarter chemistry Drive comprehensive reporting of
Ongoing
could be harmful to human health innovation into the way that we chemicals used in our supply chain
Not achieved
or the environment. design and build our products. to make our products.
2010 2022 2030 2010 2022 2030 2010 2022 2030
GOAL GOAL
HIGHLIGHT
Apple led the IPC task group that
HIGHLIGHT
helped develop and publish a HIGHLIGHT
We performed toxicological assessments on new IPC industry standard on
over 1300 materials in 2022 to proactively the use of safer cleaners in 2022. We’ve included over
evaluate and eliminate potentially harmful 47,000 materials in our
substances from our products. comprehensive material library.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 58
Our approach
We carefully consider the chemicals Smarter chemistry is our approach to identifying protect the environment. We’re working side by side with Our smarter chemistry strategy
that we use in our products and chemicals that best serve all our priorities, including leading members of the scientific community, NGOs, and
manufacturing processes. These safety, performance, and environmental impact. This industry organizations to move forward, and we continue
supports our circular supply chain efforts by minimizing to push for the development and broad adoption of
choices directly impact the safety,
the recirculation of potentially harmful substances. Our safer alternatives.
recyclability, and reuse of our efforts to remove potentially harmful chemicals from
products, which are key to truly our products help create safer and healthier workplaces Our approach involves proactively promoting the use Mapping and engagement
circular supply chains. for our employees and suppliers, and safe products for of smarter materials and chemicals. This involves Engage our supply chain partners to comprehensively identify the chemicals
people and the environment. establishing safety requirements that often exceed local in the materials used to make our products and the processes used to make
industry standards and empowering our suppliers to meet them, allowing us to drive change that goes beyond what’s required for
Our approach to limiting potential chemical exposure our guidelines. We also help suppliers source materials regulatory compliance.
in product manufacturing leverages the hierarchy of that are safer alternatives, which provide the necessary
controls. The hierarchy of controls is a concept used to level of performance and are also better for people
control hazard exposure and consists of five actions in and the environment. We have created standards and
order of preference: elimination, substitution, engineering programs to support these efforts, including the rigorous
controls, administrative controls, and personal protective requirements defined in our Regulated Substances
equipment (PPE). Elimination and substitution are the Specification (RSS) and the deep supply chain
Assessment and management
most preferred forms of control. When no alternative is engagement through our Full Material Disclosure (FMD)
available to eliminate or substitute potential exposure, and Chemical Safety Disclosure (CSD) programs. We also Assess the potential human health and environmental risks of chemicals to
we rely on engineering and administrative controls share what we’ve learned in creating these systems with evaluate compliance with our requirements and inform product design.
to safeguard against it. As we focus on this for our others in the industry — and we push for change that can
manufacturing processes, we push our industry to do transform product manufacturing.
the same.
Advocacy and leadership are needed to make this
We’ve taken the important initial step of accounting for happen. We’re committed to providing both this role,
the materials that we use, both in our products and in pushing to broaden the use of safer and more sustainable
Innovation
the processes to create them. This information helps materials based on smarter chemistry — and working
us better protect the people who design, make, use, with our suppliers and material manufacturers to create Drive the development and use of innovative materials that enable the creation
and recycle our devices. It also informs our efforts to alternatives that can help move our industry forward. of groundbreaking products and support industry-wide change.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 59
Mapping and engagement
We’re committed to creating We have criteria for the performance needs, Building a comprehensive view Smarter chemistry matters at every stage
products of the highest quality — environmental impact, and safety of the materials that of the materials in our products in the product life cycle
and that commitment extends to we use. Our goal is to identify material chemistries that
meet these standards. We examine the effects of material Good data is fundamental to delivering safer products.
the health and environmental chemistries across a product’s life — from design and We rely on detailed and comprehensive information to
impacts of everything we make. This manufacturing to the customer experience and, ultimately, inform our decision-making on material chemistries. The
begins with a clear understanding recycling and recovery. Through early engagement FMD program, launched six years ago, is integral to this
of the chemistries of the materials and effective data collection, we’re able to develop a process. It aims to catalog and map each chemical in the
comprehensive view of each material, and its chemistry, materials used in our products. Material manufacturers Product design
that go into our products. Through in support of our health and environmental goals. are at the center of these efforts. They provide thorough Apple uses our Regulated Substance
collaboration, we can build a reporting on material compositions from deep within our
Specification to drive our internal teams
comprehensive view of the chemicals We’re leading in these efforts. With our partners, supply chain — proprietary data that’s shared through and supply chain partners to select
in the materials that we use and we’re engaged in the work required to understand the our innovative and secure data collection system. This materials that meet our requirements.
chemical composition of the materials in our products, system enables us to make informed choices about
drive improvements in how we make as well as the chemicals and materials used during the materials that are used. For iPhone, iPad, and Mac
our products. manufacturing. Close collaboration with our partners products released in 2022, we collected detailed
allows us to account for the materials used across our chemical information of 91 percent of each product
Several Apple programs support these efforts. Our FMD supply chain. This information informs our decisions by mass, on average. For the Apple Studio Display, we
Recycling Manufacturing
program maps the materials and their chemistries in our when it comes to health and environmental risks. The collected information on more than 93 percent of the
products, while our CSD program tracks the materials way that we effectively collaborate with our partners can product by mass. Recyclers can recover Apple requires suppliers to manage
materials that are safer materials and chemicals and helps
used to manufacture our products. We drive our supply help others in our industry take their own steps toward
chain partners to collect in-depth information on the eliminating potentially harmful chemicals in their products Our suppliers are required to participate in the program. for use in new products. them switch to safer alternatives.
chemicals they use, including the purpose for their use, and manufacturing processes. This progress across our Collectively, they share information on thousands of
the amount consumed, and how the chemicals are being industry supports our effort to build responsible circular materials used to manufacture our products. To make
applied, stored, and handled. We also work closely with economies at scale. this process easier, we’ve implemented an advanced
collection system for suppliers with access to a library of
our partners to review the steps being taken to protect
more than 47,000 materials, which have been researched
their employees.
and validated by Apple. Our suppliers use this materials
library to select the materials they use in our products. If a
Product use
material that our supplier uses isn’t yet listed in our library,
we authenticate the new material with documentation Customers use products
from the manufacturer that provides it. made with smarter
materials.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 60
Comprehensive chemical mapping The FMD program includes tens of thousands of parts Creating an inventory of chemicals
and assemblies across our product lines. We prioritize used in manufacturing
high volume materials and those that come under
We prioritize the health and safety of the people in our
prolonged skin contact — for which we look closely
Mapping chemicals throughout supply chain. The Apple Supplier Code of Conduct
at biocompatibility. The program helps address a
product development leads to challenge faced across our industry: the lack of visibility and Supplier Responsibility Standards outline our
requirements for our suppliers in the areas of health
the use of safer materials in into the chemical composition of materials. To reduce
and safety, labor and human rights, environment, ethics,
potential toxicological risk and pursue opportunities to
the manufacturing process.
and management systems. We also account for how
develop better chemistries, we need deep knowledge
chemicals are selected and managed within our supply
of the materials that are used. Through the program,
chain — and the impact this can have on people working
we’re able to identify these opportunities to improve and
in our supply chain.
contribute to our health and environmental goals.
Detailed and accurate information drives this process,
The comprehensive materials library helps inform
including which chemicals our suppliers use as they
decisions across our product life cycles. It drives better
make our products and how they store, handle, and
material selections by our supply chain partners through
consume each one. Through the CSD program,
the RSS, and it provides a foundation for assessing
Understanding chemical Data helps Apple suppliers Apple customers benefit the materials that we specify, how our products are suppliers are required to provide this data as part of a
rigorous disclosure process. With a detailed chemical
ingredients leads to better manage chemicals and from using products made manufactured, and, eventually, how they’ll be recycled.
inventory from our suppliers, we can support our supply
We’re using innovative approaches to this process,
materials for Apple products. materials when making with safer materials and
chain partners in identifying risks and opportunities to
including machine learning to digitize data from chemical
Apple products. chemicals. implement safer alternatives.
tests so this information can be more easily assessed.
Through the FMD program, Apple
And we’re finding ways to share this information by
manufacturing partners share the materials In 2022, more than 1000 supplier facilities shared their
Information on how chemicals are used, The FMD and CSD programs help support supporting the development of industry standards that
used to manufacture Apple products. chemical inventories as well as their storage and control
how they’re stored, and how employees are the creation of best-in-class products in a will help encourage the exchange of data on materials.
information through the CSD program, including suppliers
Apple works with material manufacturers to protected is shared with Apple by suppliers responsible manner for our customers. These efforts support our goals of improving the safety
representing the majority of Apple’s direct spend. This
understand the chemistries of the materials to through our CSD program. of our products and the broader electronics industry
extensive reporting provides direct insights into how
enable evaluation. and beyond.
CSD data informs and prioritizes supplier our suppliers manage their chemical inventories and
engagement, encouraging rigorous chemical practices. And through this program, we’ve identified
management practices and adoption of more than 19,000 unique materials and chemicals used
safer alternatives. in manufacturing process. All these efforts contribute
to a safer work environment for people across our
supply chain.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 61
Working with suppliers to meet by assessing and qualifying over 3500 low-VOC 47K
global requirements materials for use, helping our suppliers transition to
these alternatives. In 2022, we continued to provide 47,000 validated
We’re supporting our suppliers in their efforts to meet additional support for suppliers through trainings on the materials are stored
our requirements. And we’ve created systems for our new regulations, which were attended by more than 800 in our comprehensive
suppliers to learn about our material specifications, participants. By deploying a VOC specification worldwide, materials library.
track and assess the materials they use, and regularly we’re also helping drive adoption of low-VOC alternatives
communicate material usage. This also helps our around the world. And we’re working with our suppliers to 93%
suppliers meet global standards and regulations identify and develop materials that meet the current and
governing their operations. The FMD and CSD programs upcoming complex per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances We collected detailed
require suppliers to gather, understand, and share (PFAS) regulatory requirements. chemical information of
information on materials they’re using — a requirement 93 percent of Mac Studio
beyond regulatory requirements. These programs, along with the RSS, allow us to engage computers by mass and
over 91 percent on average
with suppliers through ongoing training. This fosters
We support supplier engagement with these programs — our partnerships and shared efforts to promote smarter for all iPhone, iPad, and Mac
products released in 2022.
and the RSS — through ongoing training. This continued chemistry in our products and processes.
engagement is central to our partnership and to our
shared efforts to promote smarter chemistry in our
products and processes. Since 2020, our suppliers in
China worked under the new regulations governing the
use of materials containing volatile organic compounds
(VOCs). And we went even further to support compliance
We evaluate materials for substances restricted in our Regulated Substances Specification — including VOCs — using
equipment like this gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) system.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 62
Assessment and management
We base key decisions on our Setting and maintaining rigorous Our Green Chemistry Advisory Board provides feedback
product designs, manufacturing chemical safety requirements on key initiatives, including potential updates to the RSS.
processes, and approaches to The advisory board is an independent group of leading
Over 20 years ago, we first published the Regulated researchers and academics. Their diverse experience
recycling and reuse on the data Substances Specification, setting requirements for and perspectives help us lead the way to protect our
that we collect on chemicals and the use of chemicals or materials in our products, customers and those who make or recycle our products.
materials. This information enables accessories, manufacturing processes, and
us to establish requirements for our packaging. The specification builds on our history of We remain focused on materials that will be in prolonged
advancements in material safety — and it reflects our skin contact. We apply rigorous controls defined in
suppliers, including those set in our dedication to the collection of necessary data to uphold our Restricted Chemicals for Prolonged Skin Contact
Regulated Substances Specification these requirements. Materials list. The restrictions focus on substances that
and our Restricted Chemicals are potential skin sensitizers to minimize the potential
We continue to evolve the RSS with new chemicals for reactions commonly reported across wearable
for Prolonged Skin Contact
and restrictions based on the latest scientific research products, like jewelry. These restrictions are derived from
Materials specification. and standards, drawing from regulations, international leading standards, recommendations from toxicologists
standards, and voluntary requirements. Many of the and dermatologists, international laws and directives,
Our requirements provide clear restrictions on potentially specification’s restrictions exceed the most stringent and Apple policies. We mandate that our suppliers
harmful materials and chemicals, including those that are local regulatory requirements in order to protect analyze each material that comes into prolonged
restricted. Through our assessment system, we work so human health and the environment. The specification contact with skin according to Apple’s requirements,
that only materials that meet our stringent requirements designates restricted substances and requires and we review compliance with these requirements. Our
are used in Apple products. The data that we gather on reporting on additional substances. We’ve updated specifications are incorporated into contractual
chemicals and our rigorous assessments allow us to make and expanded chemical restrictions that, in many obligations for our suppliers, and each one helps us
informed decisions for chemical management, for the instances, surpass current regulatory restrictions. Most maintain our stringent requirements.
safety of those who use, make, and recycle our products. recently, we’ve added perfluorohexanesulfonic acid
These decisions also help make the materials recovered (PFHxA) — which is a subset of the larger group of
from our products at end of life safer for reuse in new PFAS — phenol, isopropylated, phosphate (3:1) (PIP 3:1),
products, enabling circular supply chains. and several skin-sensitizing substances well ahead of
regulatory restrictions.
We test all our products, and place special attention on materials that come into prolonged skin contact. In this nickel
leach test, we place Apple Watch bands in jars of artificial sweat to ensure the nickel, a potential allergen, stays where it
belongs — in the product.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 63
Verifying and developing in the the safety of the use of a substance in a particular We now proactively provide our suppliers with a list of
Environmental Testing Lab product. In 2022, we continued to expand the scope of cleaners and degreasers that are safer to use. In 2022,
biocompatibility testing beyond individual materials to we approved 58 safer cleaners for use in our supply
We evaluate the safety of our products and materials include modules and whole products. Through this work, chain, bringing the total number of safer cleaners we’ve
through chemical analyses at our Environmental Testing we have an even more comprehensive view of each approved over the past three years to 133. Each of these
Lab. Our chemists test materials to monitor compliance material and the impact that assembly has on safety. cleaners has gone through a rigorous independent
with our specifications. And the lab continues to grow We perform toxicological analysis of the materials in our assessment against a comprehensive set of criteria.
in its mission and capacity as we expand our testing products to help guide our material safety guidelines. The
facilities with new technologies to conduct chemical information that we share through material specifications Our efforts have had a direct impact on health and
analysis while expanding our FMD and CSD programs. benefits our suppliers and those that we collaborate with safety — and they have the potential to change how
Our teams also review test reports from suppliers to in the industry. our industry operates. We’re promoting the use of safer
evaluate substances against the Regulated Substances alternatives for process chemicals in our supply chain
Specification and Restricted Chemicals for Prolonged Creating a list of safer cleaners by making it easier for suppliers to select preferred
Skin Contact Materials specification. In 2022, we substitutions from the start. All our final assembly sites
performed toxicological assessments on over 1300 new We’re making an immediate impact in our efforts to have used only safer alternative cleaners and degreasers,
materials to proactively evaluate and eliminate potentially protect human health and the environment through our as defined by Apple, since 2018. We’ve since expanded
harmful substances from our products. approach to the application of cleaners and degreasers. this work to the component manufacturers who create
These substances account for some of the highest- modules used in final assembly, helping them identify and
The data that we collect from our disclosure programs use materials at final assembly sites. Regulators and implement opportunities to use safer alternatives in their
drives our assessments. We’re able to generate environmental health and safety organizations have operations. In 2020 and 2021, we received the EPA Safer
comprehensive assessments like GreenScreen®, focused considerable attention on the chemistries of Choice Partner of the Year Award for our work to scale the
a methodology that we use to gauge the impact of cleaners and degreasers. We’re investing in the due use of safer process chemicals and protect those working
chemicals on individual health and the environment diligence required to identify preferred alternatives for use in our supply chain.
based on 18 criteria. We develop toxicological profiles by suppliers and others in the industry.
on new chemicals, using both scientific literature and We’re also looking outside our own supply chain to
internal assessments. These profiles detail the impacts of promote a broader transition to safer chemicals. See
each chemical, providing data that allows us to evaluate page 66 for more about how we’re advocating for safer
cleaners and degreasers across our industry.
We’ve proactively provided our suppliers a list of cleaners and degreasers that are safe to use, and since 2018, all of our final
assembly sites have used only safer alternative cleaners and degreasers.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 64
Innovation
We’re continually developing our Innovating the designs and program, we look at the conditions in which a material is approaches, including using cascade and counterflow Creating new, safer chemistries
knowledge of material properties processes used to make used so that we can make recommendations that reflect rinsing processes, which helped retain 75 to 85 percent to move the industry forward
to improve the chemical safety, our products the existing controls around a substance. And we work of the water used during metal finishing. This process
proactively with our suppliers so that their employees are improvement has the potential to save millions of gallons Our strict requirements that govern potentially harmful
performance, and environmental By focusing on materials early in product development, protected through proper storage, handling, and material of freshwater annually when applied at scale. substances in our products and processes encourage the
impact of materials. These three we create opportunities to innovate improvements application controls. suppliers we work with to also prioritize safer materials,
factors drive our assessments of throughout the process of creating a product. We assess In addition, we advanced our ability to recover acids helping create a market for better alternatives. We’re
substances and help us pursue materials for performance, safety, and environmental Our work considers the impact of materials when used in chemical polishing and anodizing. These acids lending our expertise on safer chemistries to help our
impact. These represent our holistic approach to smarter our products reach their end of life. We take steps to are typically discarded after one use, but we were able suppliers meet the growing demand for safer materials.
innovations that align with our values. chemistry, allowing us to design for our customers’ needs prevent potential releases into the environment during to purify and recycle them back into the manufacturing Prioritizing these materials also means phasing out
while creating products that exceed expectations and are the recycling process and to protect those involved process, reducing consumption by more than 90 percent. chemistries that don’t meet our specifications. We’ve
The foundation of these innovations is our work in safer for use, reuse, and recycling. in recycling our products. This involves monitoring This approach has enabled us to reduce the largest approached this across our company and products while
mapping, assessing, and managing the chemicals used in chemistries that may be harmless in small quantities source of solid waste from the anodizing process, and at investing in safer alternatives to drive change across our
our products and supply chain. We also look at how these To achieve these goals, we focus on the process of but become more concentrated through recycling scale could potentially eliminate 4000 tons of waste. industry. The use of safer cleaners today supports the
materials are used in a product life cycle, from design material selection. This involves choosing the substances processes. And it also entails assessing how potentially circular supply chains of the future.
and manufacturing to end of life. With this knowledge, incorporated into our product designs and those that harmful substances impact the recyclability of a material The material and process innovations that we develop
we can seek out and support the development of safer our suppliers use to manufacture our products. Our to avoid downcycling — use of the material in lower- result from all these efforts. Our work to share information
chemistries that have an impact, and we can contribute comprehensive chemical profiles of each material quality applications — or substances that could make the across our supply chain, perform detailed process and
to continually improving the overall safety of our products provide the basis for each decision. The FMD program material unsafe for any use. chemical assessments, and partner with suppliers
and processes. documents material information — like composition — on chemical management lays the foundation for
for review by our experts so that a substance’s suitability We also pursue innovation projects that lead to better improvements. We’re able to better protect those who
meets our standards before it enters our supply chain. products. In 2019, we launched a pilot program at a make and use our products and enable the reuse of key
This includes toxicological assessments of each manufacturing location in China as part of our anodizing materials. And by keeping harmful chemicals out of our
chemical within a material, focusing on those that come improvement program with the aim of reducing, and supply chain at the outset, we make it possible for us
into prolonged contact with skin. Each design choice eventually eliminating, potentially hazardous discharge, and others to recover materials for the next generation
determines the materials included in our product and as well as reducing water and chemical use. As part of products.
the chemicals required to make them. Through the CSD of the pilot, we employed several water efficiency

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 65
Using our research and analysis of materials, we’ve This work isn’t new to Apple; we’ve been leading in use, we felt it was important to broaden our scope to
collaborated with suppliers to find safer alternatives — the identification and successful removal of potentially consider manufacturing along the supply chain. We’re
including for substances where none currently exist. harmful substances since the late 1990s. This process prioritizing our phaseout activities in applications that Read our white paper about
In those cases, we lend our technical capabilities in has involved the rigorous assessment of chemicals and result in the highest volumes of PFAS reductions and our commitment to phasing
material science to work with suppliers to develop entirely the removal of those that don’t align with our goals — in the most meaningful environmental impact. We’re out per- and polyfluoroalkyl
substances.
new chemistries. We maintain the same high safety, some cases, before removal becomes a requirement pursuing our phaseout in three steps: compiling a
performance, and environmental standards for new and industry standard. We’re committed to phasing comprehensive catalog of PFAS uses in our products,
alternative materials, submitting them through rigorous out our use of PFAS and engaging with all our supply identifying and developing non-PFAS alternatives that
testing and evaluation to avoid regrettable substitutions. chain partners to restrict PFAS from our products and can meet our performance needs, and confirming that
manufacturing processes. While our analysis indicates non-PFAS alternatives align with our human health and
that PFAS used in our products are safe during product environmental goals.
Substances that we keep out of our products*
PVC and phthalates Brominated flame Mercury Lead Arsenic Beryllium PFAS (PFOA and PFOS)
We’ve replaced these with retardants (BFRs) We eliminated mercury from Apple phased lead out of Arsenic, traditionally used in Eliminated from all new product We eliminated PFOA and PFOS from our
safer thermoplastic elastomers. displays in 2009. We use energy- display glass and solder glass, has been eliminated from designs, beryllium is found in products, with RSS restrictions added
In 2008, we eliminated BFRs from thousands of
Both are still used by other efficient, mercury-free LEDs and in 2006. Apple display glass since 2008. copper alloys used to make in 2010 and 2013, respectively. These
parts, such as enclosures, cables, circuit boards,
companies in power cords and OLEDs instead of mercury-based connectors and springs. types of chemicals are commonly used in
and connectors. We use safer metal hydroxides
headphone cables. fluorescent lamps in all our displays. manufacturing water-resistant materials.
and phosphorus compounds in their place.
We’re committed to eliminating PFAS entirely
from our products.
* Apple’s Regulated Substances Specification describes Apple’s restrictions on the use of certain chemical substances in materials in Apple products, accessories, manufacturing processes, and packaging used for shipping products to Apple’s end customers. Restrictions are derived from international laws or directives, regulatory agencies, ecolabel requirements, environmental standards,
and Apple policies. Apple products are free of PVC and phthalates with the exception of AC power cords in India, Thailand (for two-prong AC power cords), and South Korea, where we continue to seek government approval for our PVC and phthalates replacement. Apple products comply with the European Union Directive 2011/65/EU and its amendments, including exemptions for the use
of lead. Apple is working to phase out the use of these exempted substances where technically possible.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 66
Advocating for safer alternatives We’ve focused on cleaners and degreasers — building In 2022, we continued our collaboration with IPC, the
across our industry out a safer cleaners innovation ecosystem through premier global electronics standard-setting body, by
multiple efforts. In 2022, we continued our role as a drafting and helping launch IPC-1402, Standard for
Our work around smarter chemistry helps facilitate the founding signatory of the Toward Zero Exposure program Green Cleaners Used in Electronics Manufacturing.
transition to safer alternatives that are accessible to from the Clean Electronics Production Network (CEPN). This standard resulted from work over the past two years
others in our industry. The criteria we set for chemicals — Led by the NGO Green America, CEPN is a multi- with the Green Cleaners for Electronics Manufacturing
and how our suppliers use them — help establish even stakeholder initiative to accelerate companies’ efforts task group, where Apple has served as a chair working
more stringent standards around health and safety across to eliminate workers’ exposure to hazardous chemicals with more than 20 industry partners. This new standard
the electronics industry. We collaborate with standard- and to raise awareness of the need to improve chemical will help suppliers across the electronics industry
setting bodies, trade associations, and NGOs to achieve management practices across the global electronics select cleaners that are safer for employees and the
this — developing tools, standards, and mechanisms to manufacturing industry. environment. Last year, Apple received the IPC Stan Plzak
drive the identification and adoption of smarter chemicals Corporate Recognition Award for our work on this effort
throughout our supply chain. As a signatory, we report on the progress we’ve made and our contributions to the industry.
to remove nine process chemicals from our supply
chain that have been collectively identified as priorities We continued to partner with ChemFORWARD —
for replacement at our final assembly sites. We’re also a nonprofit organization committed to creating broad
accountable for our efforts to protect workers from access to chemical hazard data and a registry of
exposure to potentially harmful substances. We prioritize cleaners — to make it easier for suppliers to choose safer
this work by emphasizing effective engineering solutions alternatives. We also supported the RBA in producing a
and administrative controls across manufacturing comprehensive technical guide on responsible chemical
processes. While personal protective equipment is management, as well as over 20 hours of related training
essential and foundational to protecting people, we focus content to educate millions of workers across thousands
on employing safer alternatives from the start, and we of companies about controlling occupational exposures to
support that with PPE as a measure to eliminate exposure hazardous chemicals.
to potentially harmful chemicals.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 67
Engagement and
Advocacy
We hear our
stakeholders
loud and clear

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 68
Our approach
Apple is committed to achieving clear This means working with our partners, learning from their This year, we continued to hold roundtable discussions We can better achieve a
impact across our environmental feedback, and providing support where we can make a on environmental issues with key stakeholders, including Transformative impact within our
goals — and beyond our footprint difference. We aim to effect positive change within and members of academia and industry associations, to better
industry and for global communities
beyond our operations and supply chain. And we respond understand issues and regulations region by region. We
as a company. This is urgent work
to the world around us by looking for opportunities value the input that these forums provide; each helps us when we work alongside a diverse
that we can’t do without others. As where our leadership can impact policies, industries, and understand the role that enhanced transparency plays for
group of stakeholders
a member of the global community, communities in a transformative way. those working directly on policy. And these conversations
we see it as part of our responsibility also offer the opportunity to share information on
to engage thoughtfully with
Listening to voices from a range our efforts.
suppor
t
of backgrounds and experiences
in
g
those addressing environmental We engage with the scientific community to better G
l
challenges — from those in the policy We approach our conversations with others through understand emerging approaches and cutting-edge o b
c
in
o
v
m
ol
m
ve
u
d
n
i
i
n
ty
i s
to
s u
th
es
e
d
d
a
ir
y
e
-
c
t
t
o
s
-
t
d
a
a
k
y
e h
a
o
nd
ld ers c
c
u
o
r
m
io
m
si
u
ty
n i
a
ti
n
e
d
s
w
de
it
v
h
o
t
t
h
e
e
d
in
to
te
e
n
n
t
v
io
ir
n
o n
o
m
f le
e
a
n
r
t
n
a
i
l
n
s
g
te
f
w
ro
a
m
rd
d
sh
iv
i
e
p
r
.
s e t
w
o
o
o
r
ls
k in
th
g
a
w
t c
it
a
h
n
r e
s
s
u
e
p
a
p
r
o
c
r
h
t
e
o
r
u
s
r
a
e
t
n
C
v
a
ir
r
o
n
n
e
m
gi
e
e
n
M
ta
e
l
l
g
lo
o
n
a l
U
s.
n
W
ive
e
r
’r
s
e
it y
creatin
g
In
a l
c
o
We purposefully engage those who bring a range of to create robotic recycling systems to enhance material d m
u
driving change. perspectives and understanding of the issues that matter recovery for Apple and others through the development s t m u
to us. The conversations we have with policy makers, of advanced mechanisms for product disassembly and r y n
nonprofits, and community leaders help shape how material sorting. We also continue to engage our Green a
P
n
o
d
li c
re
y
g
m
u
a
la
k
t
e
o
r
r
s
s c
i
t
h i
we see regulations, approaches, and the promise of Chemistry Advisory Board, an independent group of a e
s
emerging technologies. We learn from this engagement, toxicologists and experts who advise on our smarter Scientific NGOs & nonprofit n
too. This process helps us discover opportunities to chemistry initiatives, including potential updates to the community organizations g
e
navigate challenges and improve in our efforts to achieve RSS. Their diverse expertise and perspectives help us
our environmental goals. Ultimately, we’re able to put lead the way to protect our customers and those who Community Standards Peer
leaders bodies companies
these conversations into action — whether that means make and recycle our products.
aligning with new standards and best practices or
Suppliers Employees
exploring the potential that cutting-edge research can
have on our operations.
Customers

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 69
Engaging with others has also helped us refine our Achieving change together In Asia, we spoke at a carbon neutrality conference calling Industry engagement
approach to industry standards and best practices. We for Korea’s 2030 energy plan to increase the ambition of We engage in dozens of industry initiatives so that we
An important part of leadership is the responsibility to
draw from cross-sector engagement platforms to help its target for renewable energy solutions. And we serve can support beyond our own operations. These allow us
influence change — whether through policy advocacy
guide our programs and set standards for environmental as an executive member of the Japan Climate Leaders’ to share knowledge and discover additional pathways
or direct engagement with groups invested in issues.
efforts. The Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) is one Partnership (JCLP), a business coalition focused on to advocate for change. Through partnerships and
Collective action provides the best means to achieve
example of this. Their expertise defines the world-class renewables and pushing for greater climate ambition in coalitions, we contribute to various industries by sharing
results on pressing environmental issues. When we
water stewardship practices that we’ve implemented at Japan. Partnership and collaboration with the government proprietary tools and standards and pursuing policy
take a proactive role in sharing our experiences and
key Apple and supplier facilities, earning AWS certification is essential to this. JCLP has called for an increased focus objectives that drive toward our shared goals. This year,
contributing to collaborative efforts on our areas of focus
for adherence to their Standard. on the renewable energy transition in alignment with the with IPC, a global electronics trade association, we
and expertise, we can better realize the goals on climate,
Paris Agreement’s 1.5°C target and the level of carbon developed and released IPC-1402, a new standard for
resources, and smarter chemistry that we share with
We’re motivated by what we hear from within the pricing needed to incentivize emissions reduction. Read chemical cleaners intended to support safer, greener
other stakeholders.
business community, including our customers, more about how we advocate for climate policy around practices among manufacturers.
employees, suppliers, industry partners, and investors. the world on page 29.
Policy advocacy
Their input provides vital support for our environmental Engagement with trade and industry associations helps
Policy is instrumental in effecting change across
goals and pushes us further in our efforts. For example, We’re also partnered with the Platform for Accelerating to achieve alignment with environmental and climate
industries. Apple supports climate and environmental
as co-chair of the United States Information Technology the Circular Economy (PACE), a global group of public policy in our collaborative efforts. We’re deepening our
policy through our actions and stakeholder engagement.
Office (USITO) — a trade association representing the and private decision-makers focused on the circular engagement on climate policy with our U.S. federal
This also involves actively advocating for policies that
U.S. information and communications technology industry economy — and how to push forward the vision and trade associations. As part of this process, we’re
advance environmental objectives — and support the
in China — we lead the environmental protection and best practices needed to scale advancements. Building evaluating relevant trade association positions on climate
Paris Agreement — by evaluating the positions of our
energy efficiency working groups. In this role, we engage community around these efforts is essential to achieving and identifying specific areas of misalignment with
industry partners to align business goals to address
with other companies in China as we work to comply our environmental goals. Through its engagement at key Apple’s values and principles on climate change. We
climate change.
with new environmental regulations and with policy global events, PACE provides a vital platform to pursue then work with our trade associations to reduce areas
makers on future standards. We continually look for more solutions across governments, the private sector, and of misalignment.
For example, in the U.S. in 2022, we filed comments
opportunities to hear from others — at the industry and civil society. Read more about our position on circular
with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
national levels — to receive feedback and make progress. economy policy on page 47.
(FERC) to encourage more rapid integration of renewable
energy to the transmission grid, a key bottleneck to
renewable energy deployment. And Apple, joined by
other companies, submitted an Amicus Brief, urging
the Supreme Court to uphold the U.S. EPA’s authority to
regulate greenhouse gases from power plants.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 70
Collaborative impact least 50 percent of all aluminum procured annually is Key Partnerships and Memberships
Collective action matters when it comes to taking on sourced from secondary aluminum by 2030. We’re also
environmental challenges. We make public commitments supporting investments in forestry and carbon removal
Stakeholder Our engagement
alongside our partners to make our support clear and through external initiatives like the Forest Investor
signal the change we are working to create. We’re Club and our own Restore Fund (see page 27), which Aluminium Stewardship Initiative Supporting responsible sourcing within the aluminum value chain; recently completed an audit
transparent about the progress we make against these help us back projects that offer a financial return while against their Performance Standard of environmental, social, and governance criteria. (Member)
commitments, so that we and our partners can be contributing to our environmental goals.
Ceres Dedicated to taking action to stabilize the climate, protect water and natural resources, and build
accountable for results. The work we do with others yields
a just and inclusive economy. (Member of the Ceres company network)
tangible results across our environmental goals — and it Through Race to Zero and America is All In, we’re tracking
provides a catalyst for others to take action. our shared commitment to support the Paris Agreement ChemFORWARD Working to advance safer chemistry in product design and manufacturing. (Co-design partner,
chair of Technical Advisory Group)
and efforts to achieve robust near-term emissions
An example of this is our commitment to 100 percent targets. As a founding member of the Asia Clean Energy China Association of Circular Sharing our best practices in their conferences and workshops and partnering with the organization
renewable electricity with members in markets across the Coalition — launched in 2022 at COP27 — we support Economy (CACE) on advocacy efforts focused on recycling and waste. (Senior member)
globe through RE100, an energy initiative aiming to scale accelerated corporate renewable electricity procurement
Clean Electronics Production Working to improve chemical safety in the electronics supply chain as part of this multi-stakeholder initiative.
zero carbon grids by uniting the world’s most influential in Asia, as part of a just and equitable energy transition in
Network (CEPN) (Member of the design team)
businesses committed to transitioning their electricity use the region.
to entirely renewables. Clean Energy Buyers Alliance (CEBA) Promoting customer-driven clean energy use. (Member, serving on the Supply Chain and International
We remain committed to addressing issues beyond Collaboration working group)
We’re also part of the First Movers Coalition, a global climate change, including chemical safety and reducing ,
Japan Climate Leaders Partnership Aligning business objectives with climate goals. (Executive member)
initiative harnessing the purchasing power of companies the amount of plastics in our products. As part of the
to decarbonize seven “hard to abate” industrial Toward Zero Exposure program with the Clean Electronics MIT Climate and Sustainability Galvanizing the business community to have an impact on broad and intersecting environmental challenges.
sectors that currently account for 30 percent of global Production Network (CEPN), we’re working to address Consortium (MCSC) (Industry Advisory Board Member)
emissions according to WEF. Through this initiative, health and safety challenges in the electronics supply Platform for Accelerating the Circular Joining global leaders in the effort to transition to a circular economy. (Member of the board)
we’ve committed to moving to sustainable aviation fuel chain with other stakeholders. We share our pledge to Economy (PACE)
for 5 percent of our passenger air travel footprint; to eliminate plastics from our packaging by 2025 with the
RE100 Showing our commitment to 100% renewable energy. (Member of the RE100 Advisory Committee)
procuring at least 10 percent of annual primary aluminum Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
at or above First Movers Coalition’s definition of “near- Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Dedicated to responsible business conduct in global supply chains. (Full member, serving on the RBA Board
zero emissions primary aluminum”; and to ensuring at of Directors and steering committee of the Responsible Minerals Initiative)
World Business Council for Sustainable A community of the world’s leading sustainable businesses working toward a net-zero, nature positive,
Development (WBCSD) and more equitable future. (Member)

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 71
Supporting communities around In 2022, we supported efforts that span a breadth of
the world work. The Conservation Fund is actively engaging and
supporting land retention among Black landowners in
Through our engagement efforts, we have the the rural U.S. South. Working to support and center local
opportunity to work directly with those who have been organizations like McIntosh S.E.E.D., this collaboration
addressing environmental injustice in their communities. helps landowners become more resilient to climate
A range of organizations — from NGOs to startup change through workshops and trainings on topics like
technology companies — share our goals across climate sustainable forestry. World Wildlife Fund is engaged at
change, resources, and smarter chemistry. We evaluate the community level in developing alternative livelihood
each opportunity to collaborate based on the potential to and other climate resilience projects through their Climate
scale a proven environmental approach, test or pilot an Crowd program. Beyond Benign works to increase BIPOC
innovation, or take steps to improve equity in communities representation in smarter chemistry by providing
disproportionately impacted by climate change and students and faculty in minority-serving institutions with
environmental dangers. When we partner with another training, resources, networks, and curriculum support.
organization, we believe success hinges on close Frank Water works with communities in India by using
collaboration on mutual objectives. To track our progress, technology to map local watersheds and monitor the
we work with each partner to align on the metrics that health of water ecosystems. The China Green Carbon
best reflect the unique contribution that each organization Foundation is working on innovative approaches to
is making to its community. carbon sequestration, including developing and restoring
semi-urban forests and strengthening management
We value the opportunity to work with partners to practices. And Conservation International founded the
contribute beyond our direct corporate operations — Finance Lab for Irrecoverable Carbon to create business
outside our areas of expertise and sometimes in new models and new approaches for incentivizing the
spaces. This is where some of the most vital work is protection and repair of ecosystems essential to meeting
being done to support transformational change for global climate goals.
communities. Our work combines both collaborative work
and philanthropic contributions, which we determine
based on each organization’s focus and their potential
to effect change. And we recognize the importance
of community-driven leadership on many issues by
providing support.
The Conservation Fund works to center local organizations, like McIntosh S.E.E.D., to support land retention amongst Black landowners in the rural U.S. South.
In 2022, Black landowners from Georgia participated in workshops and trainings hosted by McIntosh S.E.E.D. on topics relevant to climate resiliency.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 72
We continue to collaborate with environmental justice We’re seeing progress, too. Hispanic Access Foundation
groups by providing grants to minority-led and minority- works to support diverse Latino voices in their
centered organizations that focus on environmental communities to advocate for environmental issues that
issues. These organizations play a significant and vital directly affect their daily lives. Through our partnership,
role within their communities. They also support our the organization was able to double the number of interns
efforts to avoid negative impacts for underrepresented that it employs while paying a competitive market wage
communities as we pursue our environmental goals. We’re and jumpstart the Latino Climate Council, a new network
able to provide both financial support and assistance in of young, talented Latino leaders who are diversifying the
amplifying the work and impact that these groups have in field and bringing frontline perspectives to the climate
and beyond their communities. And we work with these justice movement. And representatives from the Center
groups to address the global effects of climate change for Rural Enterprise and Environmental Justice traveled to
and environmental hazards that traditionally impact Japan to learn about the country’s approach to renewable
overburdened communities. energy. They also met with local representatives and
partners to better understand Japanese perspectives
We expanded our Strengthen Local Communities grant around equity, inclusion, and justice in connection with
program — which provides funding to local organizations the environment.
in the communities where Apple team members live
and work — to communities outside the United States.
In 2022, we supported the Environmental Justice
Foundation based in the United Kingdom and the Karrkad
Kanjdji Trust and Original Power in Australia with grants
that focused on access and equity. We also continued to
support organizations in the U.S., including The Green
Door Initiative, the Michigan Environmental Justice
Coalition, the Environmental Leadership Program, Native
Conservancy, and UPROSE.
Apple supports the Hispanic Access Foundation, which focuses on amplifying diverse Latino voices in their communities and advocating for environmental issues
that directly affect their daily lives.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 73
Feature
Advancing our commitment to
equity with the Impact Accelerator
We’re working so that environmental In 2022, our second class of the Impact Accelerator Every business is given the opportunity to attend a
progress and equity go hand in hand. included 16 businesses at the leading edge of business executive leadership program focused on
And through the Impact Accelerator, environmental services and solutions. Each company supply chain and growth through a leading university.
selected is at least 51 percent owned, operated, and
we aim to expand access to
controlled by a Black-, Hispanic/Latinx-, or Indigenous Our most recent class featured a diverse set of
opportunity through our investments individual and aligns closely with our environmental companies engaged in work on water stewardship,
in environmental sectors — such as strategy, including our commitment to become carbon recycling technologies, and green building and
renewable energy, carbon removal, neutral by 2030. Many of them share a focus on bringing engineering, among other areas. The program supports
clean energy, opportunity, and vital services to vulnerable these companies as they better position themselves for
recycling innovation, and smarter
and underserved communities. growth, improve their abilities to engage larger contracts,
chemistry — which also help fight and expand their customer base — all while supporting
systemic barriers that impact The companies participate in a three-month program their commitment to the environment. The program
aimed at accelerating progress toward their goals. The has also connected like-minded business leaders, both
communities disproportionately
program includes live virtual sessions, online courses on within our Impact Accelerator classes and at Apple, to
affected by environmental issues.
supply chain management, supplier diversity, financial and create new opportunities for innovation and to realize our
As the Impact Accelerator enters legal subjects, and one-on-one mentorship with an Apple shared goals.
its third year, we’re deepening our expert on topics from renewable energy to responsible
sourcing. Executives and their teams receive customized The goal of the Impact Accelerator is that Apple’s
commitment to this initiative.
training that provides the knowledge and tools that strategic work and investments to protect the
organizations need to succeed as Apple suppliers, as well environment also help expand access to opportunity
The Apple Impact Accelerator is designed for Black-,
as access to Apple mentors and experts to help align their for communities of color. Since their participation in the
Hispanic/Latinx-, and Indigenous-owned businesses that
business priorities with Apple’s environmental goals. The program, companies have seen increased recognition for
share our focus on innovation and our commitment to
program culminates in an opportunity for participants to their work within their sector and local communities, have
the environment. With customized training and access to
pitch their services and solutions to decision makers and built connections with public- and private-sector leaders,
Apple experts, our Impact Accelerator helps companies
business leaders within Apple. and have seen their overall business opportunities
as they achieve their next stage of development. As part
expand. Several are currently working with Apple as
of Apple’s Racial Equity and Justice Initiative, the Impact
The companies sustain their commitment after the part of the company’s supply chain network, and every
Accelerator supports businesses that drive innovation and
program. Each participant transitions to Apple’s Supplier company has participated in selective opportunities to be
positive outcomes in our supply chain — so that together,
Success community to further foster the connections assessed for potential business with Apple.
we can work to support communities disproportionately
developed during the program — and to forge new
impacted by environmental issues.
connections across all generations of the program.
The Impact Accelerator’s goal is to ensure that Apple’s work to protect the environment also helps advance equity and
expand access to opportunity for communities of color. Participants, like Bench-Tek, engage in online courses, live sessions,
and mentorship throughout the three-month program, and continue their connection with other program participants through
Apple’s Supplier Success community.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 74
Appendix
focusing on
the finer details
of our progress

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 75
Appendix contents
76 Appendix A: Environmental data 99 Appendix D: Assurance and
77 Greenhouse gas emissions review statements
78 Carbon offsets 100 Net comprehensive carbon footprint,
79 Carbon footprint by product facilities energy, carbon, waste, paper,
81 Apple’s life cycle assessment methodology and water data (Apex)
82 Energy 102 Product carbon footprint
83 Resources (Fraunhofer Institute)
84 Normalizing factors 104 Supplier Clean Energy Program (Apex)
105 Supplier Energy Efficiency
85 Appendix B: Corporate facilities
Program (Apex)
energy supplement
106 Packaging fiber and plastic footprint
94 Appendix C: Supplier Clean Energy (Fraunhofer Institute)
Program supplement
108 Appendix E: Environment, Health
and Safety Policy
110 Appendix F: ISO 14001 certification
112 Report notes
113 End notes

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 76
Appendix A
Environmental
data
77 Greenhouse gas emissions
78 Carbon offsets
79 Carbon footprint by product
81 Apple’s life cycle assessment methodology
82 Energy
83 Resources
84 Normalizing factors

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 77
Appendix A
Greenhouse gas emissions
We account for our carbon footprint by following internationally recognized standards, like the World Resources Institute (WRI) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and ISO 14040/14044.1 Improving the accuracy of our carbon Notes:
footprint is an ongoing process — as we learn more, we refine our carbon models and adjust our climate roadmap. We also regularly revisit the boundary of our carbon footprint as our data sources improve and our business • For data on years prior to 2018, please reference past Environmental
Progress Reports.
evolves. For example, in 2022, we expanded our corporate footprint to include work from home emissions, third-party cloud services, electricity transmission and distribution losses, and upstream impacts from our scope 1 fuel use.
• Totals might not add up due to rounding.
1 Apple’s carbon footprint boundary is aligned with the Greenhouse Gas
Fiscal year (GHG) Protocol framework and includes emissions that are material
and relevant to Apple, where data is available. Apple’s carbon footprint
2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 includes direct scope 1 emissions; indirect scope 2 emissions from
purchased electricity, steam, heating, and cooling; and indirect scope
Corporate emissions Gross emissions 324,100 166,380 334,430 573,730 586,170
3 emissions from purchased goods and services, transportation and
(metric tons CO2e)2 Scope 1 55,200 55,200 47,430 52,730 57,440 distribution, business travel, employee commute, product use, and
end of life.
Natural gas, diesel, propane 39,700 40,070 39,340 40,910 42,840 2 Apple is carbon neutral for corporate emissions as of April 2020.
Beginning in fiscal year 2022, we’ve expanded our footprint boundary
Fleet vehicles 12,600 12,090 4,270 6,950 11,110
to include scope 3 emissions associated with work from home, thirdOther emissions3 2,900 3,040 3,830 4,870 3,490 party cloud services, electricity transmission and distribution losses,
and upstream impacts from scope 1 fuels.
Scope 2 (market-based)4 3,000 2,780 0 0 8,730 3 Emissions from R&D processes and refrigerant leaks.
4 We estimate the life cycle emissions associated with our use
Electricity 0 0 0 0 8,730 of renewable electricity for our corporate facilities to be about
Steam, heating, and cooling5 3,000 2,780 0 0 0 60,000 metric tons CO2e. We do not currently account for these
emissions in our carbon footprint, due to the poor quality of this data.
Scope 3 265,800 108,400 287,000 521,000 520,000 5 Beginning in fiscal year 2021, we’re accounting for scope 2 emissions
from the purchase of district heating, chilled water, and steam.
Business travel 113,500 22,850 153,000 326,000 337,000 6 Beginning in fiscal year 2020, we updated our methodology for
calculating emissions from employee commute to reflect employees
Employee commute6 134,200 85,570 134,000 195,000 183,000
working from home during COVID-19.
Upstream fuel 10,600 0 0 0 0 7 For a detailed breakdown of carbon offset purchases applied
to our corporate footprint, see the carbon offsets table on the
Work from home (market-based) 7,500 0 0 0 0 following page.
Transmission and distribution loss (market-based) 0 N/A N/A N/A N/A 8 We retired 167,000 metric tons of carbon credits from the Chyulu
Hills project in Kenya to maintain carbon neutrality for our corporate
Third-party cloud (market-based) 0 0 0 0 0 emissions in fiscal year 2021. This project is certified to the VCS and
CCB standards.
Carbon removals 9 We retired 70,000 metrics tons of carbon credits — 53,000 from the
Chyulu Hills project in Kenya and 17,000 from the Cispatá Mangrove
Corporate carbon offsets7 –324,100 –167,0008 –70,0009 0 0 project in Colombia.
10 Because we’re committed to accuracy and transparency, we regularly
Product life Gross emissions (Scope 3) 20,280,000 23,020,000 22,260,000 24,460,000 24,550,000
refine our product life cycle assessment model and sources of data. For
cycle emissions Manufacturing (purchased goods and services) 13,400,000 16,200,000 16,100,000 18,900,000 18,500,000 example, last year we obtained more granular data summarizing in which
(metric tons CO2e)10 countries our products are sold and used, resulting in more granularity
Product transportation (upstream and downstream) 1,900,000 1,750,000 1,800,000 1,400,000 1,300,000 possible for grid emission factors used in the carbon footprint of the
product use phase. The net result was an increase in our fiscal year 2021
Product use (use of sold products) 4,900,000 4,990,000 4,300,000 4,100,000 4,700,000 carbon footprint. When using the same level of data granularity and
End-of-life processing 80,000 80,000 60,000 60,000 50,000 model as fiscal year 2021, our product use carbon emissions in fiscal
year 2021 would have been about 2.5 percent lower.
Carbon removals 11 For fiscal year 2021, we retired credits from the Chyulu Hills project in
Kenya and purchased carbon credits from two additional projects to
Product carbon offsets 0 –500,00011 0 0 0 offset a total of 500,000 metric tons of direct emissions across our
value chain. The first project, a REDD+ coastal conservation project
Total gross scope 3 emissions (corporate and product) 20,550,000 23,128,400 22,547,000 24,980,000 25,070,000 in Guatemala, protects and conserves forests from deforestation and
degradation. The second project aims to establish forests on about
(metric tons CO2e)
46,000 hectares of barren land that isn’t otherwise in use across seven
Total gross carbon footprint (without offsets) 20,600,000 23,200,000 22,600,000 25,100,000 25,200,000 counties in the Guizhou province of China. Both projects are certified
(metric tons CO2e)12 to the same high standards that we require for projects in the Restore
Fund, including VCS and CCB standards.
Total net carbon footprint (after applying offsets) 20,300,000 22,530,000 22,530,000 25,100,000 25,200,000 12 Due to rounding, our gross and net carbon footprints do not always
(metric tons CO2e)12 equal the sum of the subtotals disclosed above.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 78
Appendix A
Carbon offsets
We retired the following carbon offsets toward our corporate emissions footprint for 2022.
Project name Project description Vintage Volume retired Registry link
Alto Mayo The Alto Mayo Protected Forest (AMPF) covers approximately 182,000 hectares of land in the Peruvian Amazon of extremely 2016–2018 9,100 registry.verra.org/app/projectDetail/VCS/944
high value for biodiversity conservation and watershed protection. The threats to the area have increased in the last decade
with the development of regional infrastructure projects and the rising price of coffee — the main crop grown in this area —
leading to increasing deforestation and the subsequent loss of ecosystem services that this area provides. In response,
Conservation International and its allies in the region designed the Alto Mayo Conservation Initiative (AMCI) to promote the
sustainable management of the AMPF and its ecosystem services for the benefit of the local populations and the global
climate. With the financial support of carbon financing, these actions are facilitating the conservation of large expanses of
forest with associated climate change mitigation benefits while also creating opportunities for the sustainable development
of local communities.
Chyulu Hills The Chyulu Hills REDD+ Project (CHRP) is a multi-partner initiative designed to promote climate change mitigation and 2017 315,000 registry.verra.org/app/projectDetail/VCS/1408
adaptation, restore biodiversity, and create alternative livelihoods under the UN scheme of Reducing Emissions from
Deforestation and forest Degradation (REDD+). It’s located in the Tsavo-Amboseli ecosystem in southeastern Kenya and
stretches over an area of over 410,000 hectares. Its main geographic feature is the volcanic Chyulu Hills mountain range, from
which the project derives its name. This project presents a broad ecosystem approach, including REDD+, to provide longterm sustainable financing and management to maintain the ecological integrity of an iconic African landscape. The project
will help protect a very high-value wildlife and biodiversity area while supporting the development needs of Indigenous and
other local communities.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 79
Appendix A
Carbon footprint by product
The following tables list the carbon footprints (in kilograms) of Apple products sold as of March 9, 2022, along with select configurations.* Notes:
• Dashes indicate that the configuration does not exist.
Storage configurations * Product carbon footprint data for Apple products are published in our
Product Environmental Reports and are accurate as of product launch.
iPhone Unit 64GB 128GB 256GB 512GB 1TB
In instances where carbon models were developed prior to product
iPhone 14 kg – 61 67 83 – launch, we leverage preproduction units.
iPhone 14 Plus kg – 68 75 91 –
iPhone 14 Pro kg – 65 71 84 116
iPhone 14 Pro Max kg – 73 80 93 124
iPhone 13 mini kg – 61 69 81 –
iPhone 13 kg – 64 71 83 –
iPhone 12 kg 70 75 85 – –
iPhone SE (3rd generation) kg 46 50 58 – –
Storage configurations
iPad Unit 64GB 128GB 256GB 512GB 1TB 2TB
iPad Pro 12.9-inch (6th generation) Wi-Fi + Cellular kg – 135 142 156 183 284
iPad Pro 11-inch (4th generation) Wi-Fi + Cellular kg – 107 121 121 148 249
iPad Air (5th generation) Wi-Fi + Cellular kg 80 84 92 – – –
iPad (10th generation) Wi-Fi + Cellular kg 72 82 – – – –
iPad (9th generation) Wi-Fi + Cellular kg 75 – 84 – – –
iPad mini (6th generation) Wi-Fi + Cellular kg 68 71 77 90 – –
Select product configurations
Aluminum case with Aluminum case with Stainless steel case Titanium case with Titanium case with
Apple Watch Unit Sport Loop Sport Band with Sport Band Ocean Band Trail Loop
Apple Watch Ultra, 49mm kg – – – 56 56
Apple Watch Series 8, 45mm kg – 33 35 – –
Apple Watch SE (2nd generation), 44mm kg 28 31 – – –

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 80
Storage configurations Displays Unit
Notebooks Unit 256GB 512GB 1TB Studio Display (2022) kg 544
16-inch MacBook Pro (2023), Apple M2 Pro chip kg – 300 327 Pro Display XDR with Pro Stand kg 974
with 12-core CPU and 19-core GPU
16-inch MacBook Pro (2023), Apple M2 Max chip kg – – 356
with 12-core CPU and 38-core GPU HomePod Unit
14-inch MacBook Pro (2023), Apple M2 Pro chip kg – 243 – HomePod (2nd generation) kg 92
with 10-core CPU and 16-core GPU HomePod mini kg 42
14-inch MacBook Pro (2023), Apple M2 Pro chip kg – – 272
with 12-core CPU and 19-core GPU
Storage configurations
14-inch MacBook Pro (2023), Apple M2 Max chip kg – – 301
with 12-core CPU and 30-core GPU Apple TV Unit 64GB 128GB
13-inch MacBook Pro (2022), Apple M2 chip kg 167 182 – Apple TV 4K, Wi-Fi kg 43 –
13-inch MacBook Air (2022), Apple M2 chip kg 147 171 – Apple TV 4K, Wi-Fi + Ethernet kg – 46
13-inch MacBook Air (2020), Apple M1 chip kg 161 181 –
Storage configurations
Storage configurations iPod touch Unit 32GB 128GB 256GB
Desktops Unit 256GB 512GB 1TB 4TB iPod touch (7th generation) kg 32 38 48
24-inch iMac with 4.5K Retina display, Apple M1 chip kg 481 – – –
with 8-core CPU and 7-core GPU
24-inch iMac with 4.5K Retina display, Apple M1 chip kg 486 511 – –
with 8-core CPU and 8-core GPU
Mac mini (2023), Apple M2 chip kg 112 126 – –
Mac mini (2023), Apple M2 Pro chip kg – 150 –
Mac Studio (2022), Apple M1 Max with 32GB memory kg – 262 – –
Mac Studio (2022), Apple M1 Ultra with 64GB memory kg – – 375 –
Mac Pro (2019), 3.5GHz (8-core) processor, Radeon kg 2,765 – – –
Pro 580X, 32GB memory
Mac Pro (2019), 2.5GHz (28-core) processor, kg – – – 6,994
dual Radeon Pro Vega II Duo with Infinity Fabric Link,
1.5TB memory, Afterburner card

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 81
Appendix A
Apple’s life cycle assessment methodology
When conducting a product life cycle assessment (LCA), 2. To model customer use, we measure the power 4. To model end of life, we use material composition data There is inherent uncertainty in modeling carbon * Myhre, G., D. Shindell, F.-M. Bréon, W. Collins, J. Fuglestvedt,
we calculate carbon emissions using the 100-year time consumed by a product while it is running in a on our products and estimate the ratio of products emissions due primarily to data limitations. For the top J. Huang, D. Koch, J.-F. Lamarque, D. Lee, B. Mendoza, T. Nakajima,
A. Robock, G. Stephens, T. Takemura and H. Zhang, 2013:
horizon global warming potentials (GWP100) from the simulated scenario. Daily usage patterns are specific that are sent to recycling or disposal. For products component contributors to Apple’s carbon emissions, Anthropogenic and Natural Radiative Forcing. In: Climate Change
2014 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5),* including to each product and are a mixture of actual and sent to recycling, we capture the initial processing by Apple addresses this uncertainty by developing detailed 2013: The Physical Science Basis. Contribution of Working Group I
to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on
biogenic carbon. The following details the five steps we modeled customer use data. For the purposes of our the recycler to prepare the product for recovery of process-based environmental models with Apple- Climate Change [Stocker, T.F., D. Qin, G.-K. Plattner, M. Tignor,
S.K. Allen, J. Boschung, A. Nauels, Y. Xia, V. Bex and P.M. Midgley
use to conduct our LCA: assessment, years of use, which are based on first electronic, metal, plastic, and glass material streams. specific parameters. For the remaining elements of
(eds.)]. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, United Kingdom and
owners, are modeled to be four years for macOS and Subsequent downstream recycling processes are not Apple’s carbon footprint, we rely on industry average data New York, NY, USA.
1. To model the manufacturing phase, we use part-by- tvOS devices and three years for iOS, iPadOS, and included, as these are considered stages of production and assumptions.
part measurements of the entire product along with watchOS devices. Most Apple products last longer and and not end-of-life processing. For products sent to
data on part production. In some cases where part-by- are often passed along, resold, or returned to Apple disposal, we capture the emissions associated with
part data is not readily available, we also use design- by the first owner for others to use. More information landfilling or incineration of each type of material.
level data for size and weight detail. The measurements on our product energy use is provided in our Product
help us accurately determine the size and weight of Environmental Reports. 5. After we collect data about manufacturing, use,
the components and materials in the product, while transportation, and end of life, we combine it with
data on manufacturing processes and yield loss during 3. To model transportation, we use data collected on detailed greenhouse gas emission data. This emission
production allows us to account for the impact of shipments of single products and multipack units by data is based on a combination of Apple-specific and
manufacturing. The LCA includes accessories and land, sea, and air. We account for transporting materials industry-average data sets for material production,
packaging, as well as decreased emissions through between manufacturing sites; transporting products manufacturing processes, electricity generation,
Apple’s Supplier Clean Energy Program. When from manufacturing sites to regional distribution hubs; and transportation. Renewable energy used in the
calculating Apple’s comprehensive carbon footprint, transporting products from regional distribution hubs to supply chain, initiated by suppliers independently or
we also include units that are repaired and replaced individual customers; and transporting products from through the Apple Supplier Clean Energy Program, is
through AppleCare. final customers to recycling facilities. also accounted for within the LCA model. Combining
product-specific information with emission data in
our LCA allows us to compile detailed results for
greenhouse gas emissions as they relate to each
product. The data and modeling approaches are
checked for quality and accuracy by the Fraunhofer
Institute in Germany.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 82
Appendix A
Energy
Fiscal year
1 Beginning in fiscal year 2021, we’re accounting for the purchase of
Unit 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 district heating, chilled water, and steam.
2 Because energy efficiency measures have lasting benefits, energy
Corporate facilities Electricity
efficiency savings are calculated cumulatively since 2012. All
energy Total MWh 3,199,000 2,854,000 2,580,000 2,427,000 2,182,000 efficiency measures are retired based on their effective useful
lifetime as documented by the California Energy Commission. Due
U.S. MWh 2,614,000 2,377,000 2,192,000 2,075,000 1,830,000 to the COVID-19 pandemic, corporate facilities’ energy use declined
temporarily as we adjusted lighting and climate controls due to
International MWh 585,000 477,000 389,000 351,000 351,000 shutdowns and reduced occupancy. These savings are not included
in the total savings from our energy efficiency program initiatives.
Fuel We also recognize that energy use at our employees’ homes likely
increased during this period. We have not accounted for this energy
Total MWh 334,250 467,280 439,170 462,680 494,460 use because we anticipated this impact is small relative to our overall
Natural gas MWh 188,630 203,010 202,360 202,340 204,970 energy use and we’re still evolving our methodology.
3 Energy savings from supplier energy efficiency improvements are
Biogas MWh 76,280 208,620 210,820 217,140 226,660
reported as annualized numbers. Beginning in 2020, supplier energy
Propane liquid MWh 1,830 40 140 280 280 savings are calculated based on the fiscal year instead of on a
calendar-year basis.
Gasoline MWh 38,790 34,880 14,910 23,950 37,740
4 Beginning January 1, 2018, 100 percent of the electricity we use to
Diesel (other) MWh 15,610 9,780 9,610 16,450 20,270 power our global facilities is sourced from renewable energy.
5 Supply chain renewable electricity capacity (operational) and
Diesel (mobile combustion) MWh 13,120 10,950 1,330 2,520 4,540
renewable electricity use for fiscal year 2021 do not include REC
purchases Apple made, equivalent to 0.3 GW and 500,000 MWh,
Other respectively, to address a small increase to its carbon footprint.
Steam, heating, and cooling1 MWh 19,800 22,480 0 0 0
Energy Corporate facilities
efficiency2
Electricity savings MWh/year 317,120 260,390 244,690 208,640 113,200
Fuel savings MMBtu/year 315,870 299,780 297,090 277,120 254,140
Supplier facilities3
Electricity savings MWh/year 1,620,425,230 1,418,825,350 1,101,440 943,890 798,930
Fuel savings MMBtu/year 2,038,930 1,047,440 752,680 25,120 25,120
Renewable Corporate facilities
electricity
Renewable electricity used MWh 3,199,000 2,854,000 2,580,000 2,430,000 2,170,000
Renewable electricity percentage4 % of total energy 100 100 100 100 99
Scope 2 emissions avoided metric tons CO2e 1,201,000 1,064,000 948,000 899,000 690,000
Supply chain5
Renewable electricity capacity (operational) GW 13.7 10.3 4.5 2.7 1.9
Renewable electricity capacity (committed) GW 6.8 15.9 7.9 5.1 3.3
Renewable electricity used MWh 23,700,000 18,100,000 11,400,000 5,700,000 4,100,000

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 83
Appendix A
Resources
Fiscal year
1 We define freshwater as drinking-water quality. The majority of
Unit 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 our freshwater comes from municipal sources, and less than
5 percent comes from onsite groundwater sources.
Water Corporate facilities
2 Recycled water represents a key alternative water source. Our
Total million gallons 1,527 1,407 1,287 1,291 1,258 recycled water is sourced primarily from municipal treatment plants,
with less than 5 percent coming from onsite treatment. Recycled
Freshwater1 million gallons 1,380 1,259 1,168 1,178 1,190 water is primarily used for irrigation, makeup water in cooling, and
toilet flushing.
Recycled water2 million gallons 142 141 113 106 63
3 Other alternative sources of water include rainwater and recovered
Other alternative sources3 million gallons 5 7 5 7 4 condensate captured onsite. Water used for construction activities
like dust control is not included in this total and represents 13 million
Supply chain gallons of water used in fiscal year 2021.
4 Total does not include construction and demolition waste or electronic
Freshwater saved million gallons 13,000 12,300 10,800 9,300 7,600
waste. We’re refining our methodology for collecting this data and
plan to include it in future years. We‘ve also restated the total for 2018
Waste Corporate facilities4 without these categories of waste.
Landfill diversion rate % 71 68 70 66 67 5 Responsible sourcing of wood fiber is defined in Apple’s Sustainable
Fiber Specification. Since 2017, all the virgin wood fiber used in our
Landfilled (municipal solid waste) pounds 33,260,990 33,202,200 25,826,550 38,317,120 32,372,890 packaging has come from responsible sources.
Recycled pounds 78,618,250 73,489,220 63,812,300 72,338,130 66,380,630
Composted pounds 8,726,170 4,844,960 6,302,410 10,882,120 10,397,430
Hazardous waste pounds 2,780,610 3,525,840 4,053,770 6,096,600 6,277,800
Waste to energy pounds 1,197,570 657,890 786,250 1,129,080 1,105,140
Supply chain
Waste diverted from landfill metric tons 523,000 491,000 400,000 322,000 375,000
Product packaging Packaging
footprint
Total metric tons 276,100 257,000 226,000 189,000 187,000
Recycled fiber % of total 66 63 60 59 58
Responsibly sourced virgin fiber5 % of total 30 33 35 33 32
Plastic % of total 4 4 6 8 10

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 84
Appendix A
Normalizing factors*
Fiscal year
* As reported in Apple’s Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the SEC.
2022 2021 2020 2019 2018
Net sales (in millions, US$) 394,328 365,817 274,515 260,174 265,595
Number of full-time equivalent employees 164,000 154,000 147,000 137,000 132,000

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 85
Appendix B
Corporate facilities
energy supplement

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 86
Appendix B
Corporate facilities energy supplement
Use of renewable energy at How we procure renewable energy GreenEnergy Rider Renewable microgrid
our facilities has been a central In 2013, we opened a new data center in Reno, Nevada. Since 2017, we’ve been powering Apple Park with
Since launching our renewable energy program in 2011,
component of our emissions we’ve implemented a number of solutions to procure With no PURPA or Direct Access options in Nevada, we 100 percent renewable energy — about 75 percent of
worked directly with the local utility, NV Energy, to create a which is generated onsite and managed by a microgrid.
reduction strategy since 2011. We’ve renewable energy. Our strategy has evolved over time
whole new regulatory structure. The Nevada GreenEnergy The onsite generation comes from 14 megawatts of
learned a lot about how best to to create the most positive impact. Rider enables us to secure a long-term, fixed-price rooftop solar PV and 4 megawatts of baseload biogas fuel
secure renewable energy, which has contract for renewable electricity from a new solar PV cells. Any additional energy required is drawn by Direct
Ownership and PURPA
helped us educate suppliers and project built for us but managed by the utility. We’ve used Access from the California Flats solar project in nearby
In 2011, Apple’s 100 percent equity ownership of our
this partnership to create four solar projects totaling Monterey County. The microgrid system with battery
expand our renewable energy efforts Maiden solar arrays was the first time a nonenergy
320 megawatts. storage manages the renewable energy generation
into our supply chain. This appendix commercial company built its own utility-scale solar PV and the building’s energy use; optimizes demand
project. We used a 1978 federal law called the Public
summarizes the types of renewable Equity investment management, load shifting, and frequency regulation
Utility Regulatory Policies Act (PURPA) to structure the
energy solutions we’ve deployed, project. We then applied this same structure to two In 2014, we invested in two 20-megawatt solar PV services; and ensures uninterrupted energy reliability
projects in Sichuan, China, to support all our in-country against local grid outages.
and it details how we implement more large solar PV and biogas fuel cell projects in North
retail stores, corporate offices, and data storage facilities.
renewable energy at our data Carolina and two microhydro projects in Oregon. This This project represented the first time a commercial
was a landmark moment in corporate renewable energy
centers — our largest energy loads. company created a new large-scale project in China for
development and led to an increased use of PURPA in
its own use. We’ve since replicated this model many times
these states.
for Apple’s supply chain.
Direct Access
Portfolio solutions
Since 2012, in California and Oregon, we’ve used a
In 2015 and 2016, we adapted to land scarcity constraints
program called Direct Access to bypass the default
in Singapore and Japan by contracting for solar PV on
electricity generation offered by the utilities servicing
800 rooftops in Singapore and 300 in Japan. We adapted
our data centers in those states. Instead, we contracted
our approach in each country to fit local partnerships and
directly with independent power producers who could
regulatory structures: We signed a long-term agreement
supply 100 percent renewable electricity. After initially
similar to a power purchase agreement in Singapore and
buying from existing, third-party-owned projects, we’re
made an equity investment in Japan. These projects offer
now procuring renewable energy from projects we
us long-term flexibility as our load grows.
created: The Solar Star II and Montague Wind projects
deliver renewables to our Oregon data center, and the
California Flats solar project delivers renewables to our
data centers, offices, and retail stores in California.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 87
Facilities renewable Location Renewable energy technology Size (MW)
energy projects Australia PV 0.5
Brazil Wind 0.5
To reach 100 percent renewable electricity for Apple’s
China mainland PV 130
own facilities, Apple has helped create 1,549 MW of
Colombia PV 0.2
renewable energy around the world. The projects listed
Denmark PV 42
to the right represent Apple-created renewable energy
Denmark Wind 17
projects that support Apple facilities’ electricity use and
contribute to cleaner grids around the world. Operational France PV <0.1
projects apply a mix of clean energy technology, including India PV 2
wind (22.9 percent), solar (76.0 percent), microhydro Israel PV 5
(0.21 percent), and biogas fuel cells (0.9 percent). Japan PV 12
Mexico Wind 0.8
This table represents all operational renewable energy
Philippines PV 0.1
projects that Apple has helped create.
Singapore PV 35
South Africa PV 0.2
Taiwan PV 1
Turkey PV 4
Arizona, U.S. PV 55
California, U.S. Biogas fuel cell 4
California, U.S. PV 146
Illinois, U.S. Wind 112
North Carolina, U.S. Biogas fuel cell 10
North Carolina, U.S. PV 164
Nevada, U.S. PV 320
Oregon, U.S. Microhydro 3
Oregon, U.S. PV 125
Oregon, U.S. Wind 200
Texas, U.S. PV 1
Texas, U.S. Wind 25
Virginia, U.S. PV 133.6
Total 1,549
Note: Data current as of February 2023 (operational).

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 88
Fiscal year 2022 energy and carbon footprint (corporate facilities)
Notes:
• Dash indicates unavailable data.
The table below provides a detailed breakdown of 2021 energy use, which we used to calculate our greenhouse gas emissions.
• N/A = Gas use at colocation facilities is considered outside of Apple’s
operational control.
1 Scope 2 market-based emissions from purchased electricity is zero.
Location Scope 1 Scope 2 But, we also account for purchased steam, heating, and cooling,
which resulted in 3,020 metric tons of emissions in fiscal year 2022.
Total gas Renewable biogas Scope 1 emissions Electricity Renewable electricity Scope 2 emissions
(MMBtu) (MMBtu) (metric tons CO2e) (million kWh) (million kWh) (market-based,
metric tons CO2e)1
Corporate 826,063 202,978 31,030 856 856 0
Cupertino, CA 672,244 202,978 22,849 428 428 0
Elk Grove, CA 13,782 – 732 13 13 0
Austin, TX 20,948 – 1,113 64 64 0
Other U.S. 67,362 – 3,585 57 57 0
Cork, Ireland 20,151 – 1,070 16 16 0
Singapore 142 – 8 15 15 0
China 686 – 37 33 33 0
Other international 30,748 – 1,636 230 230 0
Data centers 19,109 17,961 62 2,138 2,138 0
Maiden, NC 17,961 17,961 1 432 432 0
Mesa, AZ 312 – 17 379 379 0
Newark, CA – – – 20 20 0
Prineville, OR 836 0 44 275 275 0
Reno, NV – – – 419 419 0
Viborg, Denmark N/A N/A N/A 27 27 0
Colocation facilities (U.S.) N/A N/A N/A 371 371 0
Colocation facilities (international) N/A N/A N/A 117 117 0
China N/A N/A N/A 98 98 0
Retail stores 58,720 0 3,119 205 205 0
Domestic (U.S.) 36,005 – 1,912 97 97 0
International 22,716 – 1,207 108 108 0
Total 903,892 220,939 34,211 3,199 3,199 0

[Table 1 — Page 88]
Other international | 30,748 | – | 1,636
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 88]
China | N/A | N/A | N/A
----------------------------------------

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 89
A focus on data centers Maiden, North Carolina capacity of 22 megawatts. In 2017, we made long-term 2 Carbon emissions equivalences calculated using 2021 data from
100 percent renewable since opening June 2010 commitments to five more solar projects in North Carolina, the U.S. Energy Information Administration: www.eia.gov/electricity/
We used over 2.14 billion kWh of electricity in 2022 to sales_revenue_price/pdf/table5_a.pdf.
power our data centers and colocation facilities around Between 2011 and 2015, we installed 68 megawatts of for an additional 85 megawatts of clean energy. In 2022, 3 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
the world. We’re proud that 100 percent of that electricity Apple-created projects: two 20-megawatt solar projects, the Maiden data center was supported by projects that methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
came from clean, renewable sources including solar, wind, an 18-megawatt solar project, and 10 megawatts of generated 432 million kWh of renewable energy, which
biogas fuel cells, and low-impact hydropower. To cover biogas fuel cells. We then worked with the local utility, is equivalent to the energy used by over 11,000 homes
our needs, we build our own renewable power projects Duke Energy, to help build five solar projects through its in North Carolina for a year.2 Use of renewable energy
and work with utilities to purchase clean energy from Green Source Rider program. These solar projects came allowed us to avoid over 171,000 metric tons of CO2e
locally obtained resources. We’re staying at 100 percent online beginning in 2015 and were Duke Energy’s first during the fiscal year.3
even as Apple’s data center presence continues to grow. Green Source Rider projects to become operational. We
worked with Duke Energy for several years to develop The energy efficiency measures we’ve implemented at
We now operate eight data centers, and more are being this green energy tariff option, which allowed Apple and our Maiden data centers include use of outside air cooling
developed. These data centers are spread across North Duke Energy to develop new renewable energy projects. through a waterside economizer during night and coolAmerica, Europe, and Asia. Each has unique design The five Green Source Rider projects have a combined weather hours, which, along with water storage, allows
the chillers to be idle 75 percent of the time.
features that conserve energy and reflect the climate, as
well as other aspects, of its location.
Maiden, North Carolina: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy
Electricity use in 2022: 432 million kWh
Default grid mix (North Carolina) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation %
Coal 16 Apple’s solar projects 75
Gas 37 Apple’s biogas fuel cells 3
Nuclear 33 Apple’s wind projects 21
Hydro 5 Source: 2022 energy data.
Note: Totals don’t add up to 100 percent, due to rounding.
Renewable 10
Other <1
Source: eGRID 2021.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 90
Prineville, Oregon Also supporting the data center are two microhydro Reno, Nevada the 50-megawatt Boulder Solar II project. This project 4 Carbon emissions equivalences calculated using 2021 data from
100 percent renewable since opening May 2012 projects that harness the power of water flowing through 100 percent renewable since opening came online in 2017, producing about 137 million kWh the U.S. Energy Information Administration: www.eia.gov/electricity/
sales_revenue_price/pdf/table5_a.pdf.
To support our Prineville data center, we signed a local irrigation canals that have been operating for over 60 December 2012 of renewable energy per year. We’ve used the NV 5 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
200-megawatt power purchase agreement for a new years. In 2022, these microhydro projects are expected Unlike competitive energy markets where some of our GreenEnergy Rider program two more times, first for the methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
Oregon wind farm, the Montague Wind Power Facility, to generate nearly 2 million kWh of renewable energy. data centers are located, the regulated electricity supply 200-megawatt Techren II solar project. Apple’s largest 6 Carbon emissions equivalences calculated using 2021 data from
the U.S. Energy Information Administration: www.eia.gov/electricity/
which entered commercial operation at the end of 2019. To supplement these projects, we executed a long-term in Nevada did not offer a simple solution for us to create solar project to date, it’s estimated to produce over sales_revenue_price/pdf/table5_a.pdf.
It’s our largest project to date, producing over 562 million purchase agreement for all environmental attributes from new renewable energy projects dedicated to our data 540 million kWh per year and came online in late 2019. 7 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
kWh of clean, renewable energy a year. a 69-megawatt portfolio of eight solar projects in Oregon. center. So, in 2013, we created a partnership with the methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
local utility, NV Energy, to develop the Fort Churchill Solar Next was the 50-megawatt Turquoise Nevada project,
This is in addition to our power purchase agreement for In 2022, the Prineville data center was supported by project. Apple designed, financed, and constructed the which came online in late 2020. The project is estimated
the 56-megawatt Solar Star Oregon II project located just projects that generated 275 million kWh of renewable project, and NV Energy operates it and directs all the to produce 110 million kWh of renewable energy per year.
a few miles from our data center. This solar PV project, energy, which is equivalent to the energy used by over renewable energy it produces to our data center. The In 2022, the Reno data center was supported by projects
which came online and began supporting the data center 8,000 homes in Oregon for a year.4 Use of renewable Fort Churchill Solar project uses a photovoltaic panel that generated 419 million kWh of renewable energy,
in 2017, produces 141 million kWh of renewable energy energy allowed us to avoid over 196,000 metric tons of with curved mirrors that concentrate sunlight. The which is equivalent to the energy used by nearly 12,000
per year. To strengthen the connection between Apple CO2e during the fiscal year.5 20-megawatt array has an annual production capacity of homes in Nevada for a year.6 Use of renewable energy
and these projects, we use Oregon’s Direct Access over 40 million kWh. allowed us to avoid more than 145,000 metric tons of
program to supply the renewable energy from these Our Prineville data center takes advantage of the cool CO2e during the fiscal year.7
projects directly to our data center. and dry climate by cooling its servers with outside To facilitate further renewable development in Nevada,
air whenever possible. Indirect evaporative cooling is Apple worked with NV Energy and the Nevada utility Like in Prineville, our Reno data center takes advantage
enabled when the outside air temperature gets too high to commission to create a green energy option open to of the mild climate by cooling its servers with outside
cool the servers with outside air alone. all commercial customers, called the NV GreenEnergy air whenever possible. When the outside air is too
Rider, that does not require the customer to fund project warm to cool the servers alone, it draws from indirect
development up front. Thanks to this new option, in evaporative cooling.
2015 we announced our second Nevada solar project,
Prineville, Oregon: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy Reno, Nevada: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy
Electricity use in 2022: 275 million kWh Electricity use in 2022: 419 million kWh
Default grid mix (Oregon) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation % Default grid mix (Nevada) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation %
Gas 35 Apple’s microhydro projects 1 Coal 7 Apple’s solar projects 100
(through the NV GreenEnergy Rider program)
Hydro 45 Apple’s solar projects 51 Gas 63
Renewable 20 Apple’s wind projects 48 Hydro 5 Source: 2022 energy data.
Source: eGRID 2021. Source: 2022 energy data. Renewable 26
Source: eGRID 2021.
Note: Total doesn’t add up to 100 percent due to rounding.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 91
Newark, California Direct Access to supply power from that project directly to Mesa, Arizona generating capacity of 4.67 MW. The onsite PV system 8 Carbon emissions equivalences calculated using 2021 data from
100 percent renewable since January 2013 our data center and other Apple facilities in California. 100 percent renewable since opening March 201710 began commercial operation in February 2019 and the U.S. Energy Information Administration: www.eia.gov/electricity/
sales_revenue_price/pdf/table5_a.pdf.
Our data center in Newark, California, is powered by Our global command data center in Mesa, Arizona, came generates approximately 8,000 MWh per year. 9 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
100 percent renewable energy. We hit this milestone in In 2022, the Newark data center was supported by online in 2016. To support this facility, we partnered with methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
January 2013, when we began serving the data center projects that generated 20 million kWh of renewable the local utility, the Salt River Project (SRP), to build the In addition, we began working with SRP to develop a 10 Apple took operational control of the building in October 2015 and
converted it to a data center that began servicing customers in
with energy sourced primarily from California wind power. energy, which is equivalent to the energy used by nearly 50-megawatt Bonnybrooke solar project, which became customer renewable energy program in 2017, resulting March 2017.
We acquired this energy directly from the wholesale 10,000 homes in California for a year.8 Use of renewable operational in December 2016. This project produces in their Sustainable Energy Offering, which launched in 11 Carbon emissions equivalences calculated using 2021 data from
market through California’s Direct Access program. In energy allowed us to avoid more than 804 metric tons of over 148 million kWh of clean, renewable energy a 2019, to provide a diverse mix of commercial electric t s h a e le U s_ .S re . v E e n n e u r e g _ y p In ri f c o e r / m pd a f t / io ta n b A le d 5 m _a in .p is d tr f. ation: www.eia.gov/electricity/
2017, Apple’s 130-megawatt California Flats solar project CO2e during the fiscal year.9 year, which roughly matches the energy used by the customers with new renewable energy at an affordable 12 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
in nearby Monterey County came online, and now we use data center. price. Under this program, Apple has executed an methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
agreement with SRP to purchase a portion of the output
As the Mesa data center grew, it became apparent that of their 100 MW Central Line PV facility. The project
we needed additional sources of renewable energy to became operational in April 2022.
maintain our 100 percent renewable electricity goal.
In 2022, the Mesa data center was supported by
We began to explore onsite solar options at the data 379 million kWh of renewable energy, which is equivalent
center and determined that we could provide valuable to the energy used by over 10,000 Arizona homes.11
shaded parking that paid for itself through energy bill Use of renewable energy allowed us to avoid more than
reductions while adding to our renewable energy portfolio. 158,000 metric tons of CO2e during the fiscal year.12
The resulting PV facility includes five elevated parking
canopies and three ground-mounted arrays, for a total
Newark, California: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy Mesa, Arizona: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy
Electricity use in 2022: 20 million kWh Electricity use in 2022: 379 million kWh
Default grid mix (California) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation % Default grid mix (Arizona) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation %
Coal <1 Bundled solar (through Direct Access) 100 Coal 13 Apple’s solar projects 83
Gas 49 Source: 2022 energy data. Gas 44 Apple’s wind projects 17
Nuclear 8 Nuclear 29 Source: 2022 energy data.
Hydro 7 Hydro 6
Renewable 34 Renewable 8
Other <1 Source: eGRID 2021.
Source: eGRID 2021.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 92
Denmark The power system design at the data center is based on China 13 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
100 percent renewable energy from the first a resilient substation that eliminates the need for backup 100 percent renewable energy from the first methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
14 Emissions avoided are calculated using the GHG Protocol
day of operations diesel generators. This reduces the carbon footprint day of operations
methodology for calculating market-based emissions.
Our data center came online in 2020. The data center’s of the data center and completely eliminates the need To cover the electricity load at our two data centers in
construction phase was powered with 100 percent wind for large diesel fuel storage systems and diesel engine China, we procure 100 percent renewable electricity from
energy from a local renewable energy retailer in Denmark. emissions that would impact the local community. a solar project that came online recently in China.
Our Northern Jutland PV project achieved commercial
operation in late 2019, will meet all the data center’s In 2022, the Denmark data center sourced 27 million kWh As the data centers further expand, we’ll continue to
near-term energy needs, and at 42 megawatts, is one of renewable energy, avoiding more than 14,479 metric source renewable electricity in-country to support the
of Denmark’s largest solar power plants. Our second tons of CO2e.13 growth with renewable electricity.
renewable project in Denmark, a 17 MW wind project, also
came online in late 2020. We have secured long-term In 2022, the China data center was supported by
supply contracts with both Danish renewable projects, 98 million kWh of renewable energy, avoiding more than
which will scale up as our data center loads grow. 60,503 metric tons of CO2e during the fiscal year.14
Denmark: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy China: Grid mix versus Apple-sourced renewable energy
Electricity use in 2022: 27 million kWh Electricity use in 2022: 98 million kWh
Default grid mix (Denmark) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation % Default grid mix (China) % Apple actual renewable energy allocation %
Coal 13 Apple’s wind and solar projects 100 Coal 63 Apple’s solar project 100
Gas 5 Source: 2022 energy data. Gas 3 Source: 2022 energy data.
Renewable 76 Renewable 29
Other 6 Other 5
Source: IEA Electricity Information 2022: www.iea.org/data-and- Source: IEA Electricity Information 2022: www.iea.org/data-andstatistics/data-product/electricity-information. statistics/data-product/electricity-information.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 93
Our colocation facilities Total energy use Renewable energy Default utility emissions Apple’s emissions — Percent renewable
15 We calculate default utility emissions to provide baseline emissions
(kWh) (kWh) (metric tons CO2e)15 including renewable energy energy of what our carbon footprint would have been without the use of
The majority of our online services are provided by our (metric tons CO2e)16 17 renewable energy. This allows us to demonstrate the savings resulting
from our renewable energy program.
own data centers; however, we also use third-party FY2011 42,500 0 10 10 0
16 Apple’s greenhouse gas emissions are calculated using the World
colocation facilities for additional data center capacity. FY2012 38,552,300 1,471,680 17,200 16,500 4 Resources Institute Greenhouse Gas Protocol methodology for
While we don’t own these shared facilities and use only FY2013 79,462,900 46,966,900 31,800 14,500 59 calculating market-based emissions.
17 We calculate our progress toward our 100 percent renewable energy
a portion of their total capacity, we include our portion of
FY2014 108,659,700 88,553,400 44,300 11,000 81 goal on a calendar-year basis, while the numbers reported in this table
their energy use in our renewable energy goals. are based on fiscal year. Beginning January 1, 2018, all the electricity
FY2015 142,615,000 121,086,100 60,500 12,700 85 use at our colocation facilities is from 100 percent renewable energy.
FY201618 145,520,900 143,083,200 66,300 1,600 98 18 Over the past few years, we’ve been installing submeters in colocation
Starting in January 2018, 100 percent of our power for facilities to better track electricity usage. Beginning in fiscal year 2016,
colocation facilities was matched with renewable energy FY2017 289,195,800 286,378,100 125,600 1,500 99 we started reporting this submetered electricity usage. Prior to fiscal
generated within the same country or regional grid. As FY2018 327,663,800 326,959,700 146,600 400 99.8 y b e a a s r e 2 d 0 o 1 n 6 m , re ax p i o m rt u e m d c e o le n c t t r r a ic c i t t y c a u p s a a c g i e ty w q a u s a c n o ti n ti s e e s r . v W at e iv ’v e e ly u e p s d t a im te a d te d
our loads grow over time, we’ll continue working with our FY2019 339,047,649 339,047,649 146,400 0 100 our fiscal year 2016 colocation facilities footprint to more accurately
reflect Apple’s operational boundaries. Per the GHG Protocol,
colocation suppliers to match 100 percent of our energy FY2020 372,901,398 372,901,398 153,459 0 100 we’ve removed from our electricity usage and scope 2 calculations
use with renewables. FY2021 384,727,076 384,727,076 146,780 0 100 those emissions associated with colocation facility cooling and
building operations.
FY2022 487,921,930 487,921,930 182,700 0 100
Third-party computing
Beyond the use of our own data centers and colocation
facilities, we also use third-party services to support some
of our on-demand cloud computing and storage services.
As of 2022, all the electricity associated with Apple’s load
at our third-party computing vendors is matched with
100 percent clean energy.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 94
Appendix C
Supplier Clean Energy
Program supplement

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 95
Appendix C
Supplier Clean Energy Program supplement
The Supplier Clean Energy Program is integral to Apple’s Apple’s clean energy standards
goal of reaching carbon neutrality by 2030. We’re focused
We help our suppliers select projects with the greatest
on working with our suppliers to help them increase
potential for impact and with a clear carbon, ecological, Supplier energy efficiency and clean energy achievements
energy efficiency at their facilities and transitioning
and social benefit, and we consider the life cycle
suppliers to clean, renewable electricity. These efforts are
emissions associated with current and emerging clean
helping reduce product-related carbon emissions, create 2020
energy technologies. In most cases, wind and solar
a more resilient supply chain, and contribute to healthier 2015
solutions meet our criteria. For some energy solutions,
communities — while offering a model for others to follow. More than 100 suppliers
such as biomass and hydroelectric generation, we Launch of the Supplier Clean committed to 100 percent
review individual projects so that they deliver positive Energy Program and Supplier 2018 renewable electricity for 2022
We’re proud of the progress our suppliers have made. impact while minimizing harm. We also uphold stringent Energy Efficiency Program Apple production
As of March 2023, over 250 manufacturing partners in assurance standards so that all clean energy can be Launch of the China Clean Energy All Apple products’ final Apple called on its
2 el 8 e c c t o ri u c n it t y r i f e o s r h A a p v p e l e c o p m ro m du it c te ti d o n to ( s 1 e 0 e 0 b p e e lo rc w e n fo t r r e th n e e wable verified through third-party assessment.2 F ou u r n s d u , p w p h li i e c r h s e to n a in b v le e s s t A in p p m le o r a e n t d h an a to s s 1 e 0 m 0 b p ly e r s c it e e n s t c r o e m n m ew itt a e b d l e g d l e o c b a a r l b s o up n p iz ly e c b h y a 2 in 0 t 3 o 0
1 gigawatt of renewable energy in China
suppliers participating). Additionally, Apple itself has electricity for Apple production
We want to be a driving force for the development of
directly invested in nearly 500 megawatts of renewable
new projects and help overcome barriers to bring new
electricity projects to cover a portion of upstream
renewable electricity online. With the rapidly changing
emissions. The Supplier Clean Energy Program now
policy dynamics in some of our key countries, we
has over 20 gigawatts of clean energy commitments,
continuously evolve our framework both to comply with
of which nearly two-thirds are operational. In 2022, the
local laws and regulations and to yield the most positive
13.7 gigawatts of renewable energy online in Apple’s
and meaningful energy transformation.
supply chain generated 23.7 million megawatt-hours of
clean energy, avoiding 17.4 million metric tons of carbon
emissions — a 23 percent increase over 2021.1
2017 2021
Launch of the Supplier Clean 214 suppliers across
Energy Portal 26 countries committed to 100
2019 percent renewable electricity 2023
Initial Apple investment toward the
for Apple production
development of 500 megawatts of
Key supplier commitments reached Over 250 suppliers committed to
solar and wind projects to address
in major supply chain countries 100 percent renewable electricity
upstream emissions in Apple’s
for Apple production, corresponding
supply chain First in-person training hosted by to over 80 percent of Apple’s direct
Supplier Code of Conduct requires Apple for over 30 suppliers in China manufacturing spend
suppliers to maintain an inventory of air
emissions, including greenhouse gases
1 2021 renewable electricity figures associated with Apple’s Supplier Clean Energy Program do not include REC purchases that Apple made to address
a small increase to its carbon footprint. When accounting for the REC purchases, the total renewable energy online in Apple’s supply chain was
10.6 gigawatts, generating 18.6 million megawatt-hours and avoiding 14.2 million metric tons of carbon emissions.
2 Apple’s independent assurance provider for the Supplier Clean Energy Program conducts work against standard procedures and guidelines for
external verification of sustainability reports, based on current best practice in independent assurance. The procedures are based on principles and
methods described in International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information (Effective for assurance reports dated on or after December 15, 2015), issued by the International Auditing
and Assurance Standards Board, and ISO 14064-3:2019, Greenhouse gases — Part 3: Specification with guidance for the verification and validation
of greenhouse gas statements.

[Table 1 — Page 95]
Supplier energy efficiency and clean energy achievements 2020 2015 More than 100 suppliers Launch of the Supplier Clean committed to 100 percent Energy Program and Supplier 2018 renewable electricity for 2022 Energy Efficiency Program Apple production Launch of the China Clean Energy All Apple products’ final Apple called on its Fund, which enables Apple and assembly sites committed global supply chain to our suppliers to invest in more than to 100 percent renewable decarbonize by 2030 1 gigawatt of renewable energy in China electricity for Apple production
----------------------------------------
2017 2021 Launch of the Supplier Clean 214 suppliers across Energy Portal 26 countries committed to 100 2019 percent renewable electricity 2023 Initial Apple investment toward the for Apple production development of 500 megawatts of Key supplier commitments reached Over 250 suppliers committed to solar and wind projects to address in major supply chain countries 100 percent renewable electricity upstream emissions in Apple’s for Apple production, corresponding supply chain First in-person training hosted by to over 80 percent of Apple’s direct Supplier Code of Conduct requires Apple for over 30 suppliers in China manufacturing spend suppliers to maintain an inventory of air emissions, including greenhouse gases

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 96
Supplier renewable
electricity solutions
The following charts include breakdowns of the Supplier renewable energy procurement mechanisms Supplier renewable energy technologies
contracting mechanisms and technologies that suppliers (FY2022) (FY2022)
have identified to help meet their commitments.
Apple’s suppliers are implementing clean energy solutions using a variety of We work with our suppliers to select projects with the greatest potential for impact and with
contracting mechanisms — with renewable power purchases representing a clear carbon, ecological, and social benefit. “Other technology” includes clean energy
the majority of solutions implemented to date, at 66 percent. sources such as some forms of biomass, geothermal, and small-scale, low-impact hydro.
2%
Onsite renewable 24% 56% 32%
electricity Renewable energy Wind Solar
certificates
9%
direct
investments
12%
other
66% technology
Renewable power
purchases
Note: Above total doesn’t add up to 100 percent due to rounding.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 97
Supplier commitments
3M BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited Engineered Materials Solutions LLC ITM Semiconductor Co., Ltd.
AAC Acoustic Technologies Career Tech Epistar* J.Pond Industry (Dongguan) Co., Ltd.
As we continue transitioning our supply chain to
clean energy, over 250 suppliers globally — including Advanced International Multitech Catcher Technology Everlight Electronics Co., Ltd. Jabil Inc.
over 40 new commitments in the past year — have AKM Meadville Electronics Cathay Tat Ming Fastway Creation James Cropper PLC*
committed to producing Apple products with 100 percent Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited CCL Industries Incorporated Flex Ltd. Japan Aviation Electronics
clean electricity: Alps Alpine Cheng Loong Corporation Flexium Interconnect Inc. Jarllytec
Amagasaki Seikan Cheng Uei (Foxlink) Fujikura Limited JCET Group Company Limited*
Amkor Technology Incorporated* Chengdu Homin Future Hi Tech Company Limited JDI
Amphenol China Circuit Technology (Shantou) Corporation (CCTC) G. Bopp & Co. AG Jiafeng Coating Co., Ltd.*
ams OSRAM* Citizen Watch Company General Interface Solution Ltd. Jiangsu Enoel New Material Technology Co., Ltd.*
Anshun (Asia) Investment CN Innovations Holdings Limited Global Lighting Technologies Jiangsu Gian
Arkema Coherent Corp. Goertek Jiangsu Jun Technology*
ASE Technology Holding Compal Electronics Golden Arrow Printing Company Limited Jiangyin Kangrui Molding Technology Company Limited
Asia Vital Components Company Limited Compeq GSEO Jinlong Machinery and Electronics
AT&S Cooler Master Co. Ltd. Guangdong Ellington Jones Tech PLC
Auras Technology Co., Ltd. Corning Incorporated H.B. Fuller JXTG Holdings Inc.
Avary Holding COSMO Hama Naka Shoukin Industry Company Limited Kam Kiu Aluminium
Baotou Inst Magnetic New Materials Co., Ltd.* Cowell Optic Electronics Ltd. Henkel KC Precision Technology (Dongguan) Co.,Ltd*
Bemis Associates Crystal-Optech Co., Ltd.* Hi-P International Limited Keiwa Incorporated
Bichamp Cutting Technology CymMetrik HIROSE ELECTRIC CO., LTD. Kersen Science & Technology
Biel Crystal (HK) Manufactory Ltd Daesang Holmen Iggesund* Kioxia Holdings Corporation
Bin Chuan Enterprise Co., Ltd.* Daikin Industries Limited* Hon Hai Precision Industry Knowles Corporation*
BOE Derkwoo I-PEX Inc. KOJA (Cayman) Co., Ltd.
Bosch Sensortec GmbH* Dexerials Corporation INB Electronics Konrad GmbH
Bourns K.K. DSM Engineering Materials Infineon Technologies AG Kunshan KIMD Co. Ltd
Boyd Corporation E.I. DuPont deNemours and Company Injection Rubber Industrial Co., Ltd. Kunshan Luxin*
Bruel & Kjaer ECCO Leather Interplex Holdings Limited Laboratorio Elettrofisico
Bumchun Precision Co., Ltd. Eldim SA Intramedia Largan Precision Co., Ltd.
* Asterisks denote suppliers that have newly committed to 100 percent renewable electricity (since March 2022).

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 98
LEALEA Enterprise Co., Ltd. Nitto Denko Corporation Seiko Advance Ltd. Stora Enso Oyj Trinseo S.A.
Lens Technology Nordic Semiconductor ASA Seoul Semiconductor Sumida Corporation* Triotek
LG Display ON Semiconductor Corporation* SFS Group AG Sumitomo Chemical Company Limited* Tripod Technology Corporation
LG Energy Solution Paishing Technology Company Shandong Innovation Metal Technology Co., Ltd. Sumitomo Electric Industries Tritree
LG Innotek* Pegatron Shanghai LianYing Screws Co., Ltd.* Sunny Optical TSMC
Lingyi iTech Penn Engineering Sharp Corporation Sunrex Technology Corporation* Tsujiden Co., Ltd.
Lishen Phone In Mag-Electronics Shenghe Resource Sunwoda Electronic TXC Corporation
Lite-On Technology Corp. Pioneer Material Precision Tech Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Deren Electronic Co., Ltd. Suzhou Anjie Technology UACJ Corporation
LOTES Co., Ltd. Plansee Group Shenzhen Desay Battery Technology Co. Ltd. Suzhou Becklos Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.* Unimicron
Luen Fung Group Platinum Optics Technology Incorporated Shenzhen Everwin Precision Technology Co., Ltd Suzhou Copper Ze Metal Technology Co., Ltd.* Unitech
Lumileds POSCO Shenzhen Forceblack Technology Co., Ltd* Suzhou Hengmingda Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. United Test and Assembly Center (Dongguan) Co. Ltd
Luxshare-ICT PPG Industries Shenzhen Fortunta Technology Company Limited Suzhou Jiazhi Electronic Co., Ltd. VARTA Microbattery GmbH
Marian Inc. Primax Group Shenzhen Linkconn Electronics Co., Ltd.* Suzhou Shihua New Material Technology Co.,Ltd.* Viavi
Micron Qiandong Rare Earth Group Co., Ltd.* Shenzhen Ruicycle Suzhou Wanxiang Technology Co., Ltd. Victrex
Minebea Mitsumi Inc. Qorvo Shenzhen Shi Zhenghe Zhongxin Share Holdings Co., Ltd. Suzhou Yinke Viscom AG
Mingxun Quadrant Shenzhen Shindy Technology Co., Ltd. Tailun Electronic Materials* Vishay Intertechnology Incorporated*
Molex Inc. Quanta Computer Shenzhen Sunlord Electronics Co., Ltd.* Taiwan Hodaka Technology Co., Ltd. Western Digital
Multi-Fineline Electronix, Inc. ROE Shenzhen Sunway Communication Company Limited Taiwan Surface Mounting Technology Corp.* Winbond Electronics Corporation*
Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Rohm Company Limited* Shin Zu Shing Co., Ltd. Taiyo Holdings Co., Ltd. Wingtech Technology Co., Ltd.
Nan Ya PCB RRD Sichuan Furong Technology Co.,Ltd. Taiyo Yuden Co., Ltd. Winox Enterprise Company Limited
Nano Interface Technology Inc.* RyPax Wing Fat Inc. Simplo Technology Company Limited TDK Corporation Wistron
Nanofilm Saati S.p.A.* Singleton Materials Corporation Teikoku Printing Inks Manufacturing Company Limited* Xuzhou Henghui Braiding Machine Co., Ltd*
Nidec SABIC SK hynix tesa SE Yageo
Nihon Dempa Kogyo SAES Getters S.p.A. SoluM The Chemours Company Ying Shing Enterprises Limited
Ningbo Magsound Industry Co., Ltd. Samsung Display* Solvay Tianma Micro-Electronics (Hong Kong) Ltd. Young Poong
Nippon Mektron (Mektec) Samsung Electro-Mechanics Company Limited* Sony Semiconductor Solutions Tong Tai Ying Technology Co., Ltd. Yuto
Nishoku Technology Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (Memory Division)* Stanley Electric Co., Ltd. Tongda Group Zhuhai CosMX Battery Co., Ltd.
Nissha Co., Ltd.* Samsung SDI Co., Ltd. STMicroelectronics TPK
* Asterisks denote suppliers that have newly committed to 100 percent renewable electricity (since March 2022).

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 99
Appendix D
Assurance and
review statements
100 Net comprehensive carbon footprint, facilities energy, carbon,
waste, paper, and water data (Apex)
102 Product carbon footprint (Fraunhofer Institute)
104 Supplier Clean Energy Program (Apex)
105 Supplier Energy Efficiency Program (Apex)
106 Packaging fiber and plastic footprint (Fraunhofer Institute)

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 100
Appendix D
Net comprehensive
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
The work was planned and carried out to provide reasonable assurance for all indicators and we believe
carbon footprint, it provides an appropriate basis for our conclusions.
To: The Stakeholders of Apple Inc. Our Findings
facilities energy, Apex verified the following indicators for Apple’s Fiscal Year 2022 reporting period (September 26, 2021
Introduction and objectives of work through September 24, 2022):
carbon, waste, Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) was engaged by Apple Inc. (Apple) to conduct an independent assurance of select
environmental data reported in its 2022 environmental report (the Report). This assurance statement applies to Parameter Quantity Units Boundary / Protocol
the related information included within the scope of work described below. The intended users of the assurance
statement are the stakeholders of Apple. The overall aim of this process is to provide assurance to Apple’s
Natural Gas Consumption 903,892 Metric million British Worldwide occupied
paper, and water stakeholders on the accuracy, reliability and objectivity of Subject Matter included in the Report. thermal unit properties / Apple Internal
Protocol
This information and its presentation in the Report are the sole responsibility of the management of Apple. Apex
was not involved in the collection of the information or the drafting of the Report. Electricity Consumption 3,199 Million kilowatt Worldwide occupied
data (Apex) hours (mkWh) properties / Apple Internal
Scope of Work Protocol
Apple requested Apex to include in its independent review the following (Subject Matter): Renewable Energy 3,199 Million kilowatt Worldwide / Invoiced
hours (mkWh) quantities & self-generated
▪ Assurance of select environmental data and information included in the Report for the fiscal Scope 1 GHG Emissions 55,202 Metric tonnes of Worldwide occupied
year 2022 reporting period (September 26, 2021 through September 24, 2022), specifically, in carbon dioxide properties / WRI/WBCSD
accordance with Apple’s definitions and World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business equivalent (tCO2e) GHG Protocol
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol:
o Energy: Direct (Million Therms) and Indirect (Million kilowatt hours (mkWh)) Scope 2 GHG Emissions 1,065,405 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
o Renewable Energy (mkWh) (Location-Based) p G r H op G e P rti r e o s to / c W ol R I/WBCSD
o Water Withdrawal (Million Gallons)
o
e
G
m
re
is
e
s
n
i
h
o
o
n
u
s
se
b y
G a
w
s
e
(
ig
G
h
H
t,
G
I
)
n
E
d
m
ire
is
c
s
t
io
S
n
c
s
o
:
p
D
e
i re
c t
e
S
m
c
i
o
s
p
s
e
io n
s
e m
by
is s
w
io
e
n
ig
s
h
b
t
y
(
w
P
e
u
i
r
g
c
h
h
t
a
,
s
In
e
d
d
i re
G
c
o
t
o
S
d
c
s
o p
a
e
n d
2 S
(M
c
a
o
r
p
k
e
e t
- B
G
a
H
se
G
d
E
)
missions 3,018 tCO2e W
pro
o
p
rl
e
d
r
w
ti
i
e
d
s
e
/
o
W
cc
R
u
I
p
/W
ied
B CSD
Services, Fuel and Energy Related Activities, Employee Commute and Business Travel) GHG Protocol
(Metric Tonnes of Carbon Dioxide equivalent)
o Waste Quantities and Disposition (Metric Tonnes) Scope 3 GHG Emissions – 43,578 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
o o P A a p p p e ro r p Q ri u a a te n n ti e ti s e s s a (M nd e t r r o ic b u T s o t n n n e e s s s ) of underlying reporting systems and processes, used to F A u c e tiv l i a ti n e d s E ( n L e o r c g a y ti o R n e - l B a a te s d e d) p G (S r H o c p G o e p P r e ti r e 3 o s ) t o / c W ol R V I a /W lu B e C C S h D ai n
collect, analyze, and review the environmental information reported
Scope 3 GHG Emissions - 10,648 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to: Fuel and Energy Related properties / WRI/WBCSD
Activities (Market-Based) GHG Protocol Value Chain
▪ Text or other written statements associated with the Report (Scope 3)
▪ Activities outside the defined assurance period
S
B
c
u
o
s
p
in
e
e s
s
G
T
H
ra
G
v e
E
l
m issions – 113,475 tCO2e W
pro
o
p
rl
e
d
r
w
ti
i
e
d
s
e
/
o
W
cc
R
u
I
p
/W
ied
B CSD
Assessment Standards GHG Protocol Value Chain
(Scope 3)
Our work was conducted against Apex’s standard procedures and guidelines for external Verification
of Sustainability Reports, based on current best practice in independent assurance. Apex procedures
are based on principles and methods described in the International Standard on Assurance Scope 3 GHG Emissions – 134,242 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Employee Commute properties / WRI/WBCSD
Historical Financial Information (effective for assurance reports dated on or after Dec. 15, 2015), issued G (S H c G op P e r 3 o ) t ocol Value Chain
by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and ISO 14064-3: Greenhouse gases --
Part 3: Specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas statements. Scope 3 GHG Emissions - 42,967 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
Work From Home Emissions properties / WRI/WBCSD
Methodology (Employee Commute) GHG Protocol Value Chain
(Location-Based) (Scope 3)
Apex undertook the following activities:
Scope 3 GHG Emissions – 7,474 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
Work From Home Emissions properties / WRI/WBCSD
1. Virtual/ remote site visit to Apple facilities in Cork, Ireland (Employee Commute) GHG Protocol Value Chain
2. Site visit to Apple facilities in Culver City, California (Market-Based) (Scope 3)
3. Interviews with relevant personnel of Apple;
4. Review of internal and external documentary evidence produced by Apple; Scope 3 GHG Emissions - 0 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
Other Cloud Services properties / WRI/WBCSD
5. Audit of environmental performance data presented in the Report, including a detailed review (Purchased Goods and GHG Protocol Value Chain
of a sample of data against source data; and Services) (Market-Based) (Scope 3)
6. Review of Apple information systems for collection, aggregation, analysis and internal
verification and review of environmental data.
Apex Companies, LLC Page 2 of 4

[Table 1 — Page 100]
Parameter | Quantity | Units | Boundary / Protocol
----------------------------------------
Natural Gas Consumption | 903,892 | Metric million British thermal unit | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Electricity Consumption | 3,199 | Million kilowatt hours (mkWh) | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Renewable Energy | 3,199 | Million kilowatt hours (mkWh) | Worldwide / Invoiced quantities & self-generated
Scope 1 GHG Emissions | 55,202 | Metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e) | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Scope 2 GHG Emissions (Location-Based) | 1,065,405 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Scope 2 GHG Emissions (Market-Based) | 3,018 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Scope 3 GHG Emissions – Fuel and Energy Related Activities (Location-Based) | 43,578 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions - Fuel and Energy Related Activities (Market-Based) | 10,648 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions – Business Travel | 113,475 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions – Employee Commute | 134,242 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions - Work From Home Emissions (Employee Commute) (Location-Based) | 42,967 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions – Work From Home Emissions (Employee Commute) (Market-Based) | 7,474 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions - Other Cloud Services (Purchased Goods and Services) (Market-Based) | 0 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 101
Water Withdrawal 1,527 Million gallons Worldwide occupied Gross Carbon Footprint4 20.57 Million metric Worldwide occupied
properties / Apple Internal tonnes of carbon properties / WRI/WBCSD
Protocol dioxide equivalent GHG Protocol
Water Discharge 679 Million gallons Worldwide occupied 1. Corporate GHG Emissions = Scope 1 GHG Emissions + Scope 2 (Market-Based) GHG Emissions + Scope 3 GHG Emissions
properties / Apple Internal 2. Manufacturing emissions (30.83 million metric tonnes) not verified by Apex - reportedly verified by another third-party provider -
Protocol 3. N C o E t P V e e m rif i i s e s d io b n y s A re p d e u x c . t R io e n p s o ( r 1 te 7 d .3 ly 9 v m er il i l f i i o e n d m by e t a ri n c o t t o h n e n r e th s i ) r . d -party provider.
4. Gross Carbon Footprint = Corporate GHG Emissions + Product Use + Manufacturing + Transportation + Recycling
Trash Disposed in Landfill 15,086 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied
properties / Apple Internal
Protocol
Our Conclusion
Hazardous Waste 1,261 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied
(Regulated waste) properties / Apple Internal Based on the assurance process and procedures conducted regarding the Subject Matter, we conclude
Protocol that:
• The Energy, Water, Waste, Paper, and Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 (Business Travel &
R by e c re y c c y le c d li n M g a c te o r n ia tr l a ( c R to e r m ) oval 35,583 Metric tonnes W pro o p rl e d r w ti i e d s e / o A c p c p u l p e i e In d t ernal Employee Commute) GHG Emissions assertions shown above are materially correct and are
Protocol a fair representation of the data and information;
• There is no evidence that the Scope 3 (Work From Home, Other Cloud Services, and Fuel and
Composted Material 3,958 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied Energy Related Activities) GHG emissions are not materially correct and are not a fair
properties / Apple Internal representation of the data and information;
Protocol • Apple has established appropriate systems for the collection, aggregation and analysis of
relevant environmental information, and has implemented underlying internal assurance
Waste to Energy 543 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied
properties / Apple Internal practices that provide a reasonable degree of confidence that such information is complete and
. Protocol accurate.
C&D Landfilled 4,877 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied Statement of independence, integrity and competence
properties / Apple Internal
Protocol Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among
staff in their day to day business activities. We are particularly vigilant in the prevention of conflicts of
C&D Recycled 23,535 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied
properties / Apple Internal interest.
Protocol
No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Apple, its Directors or Managers
Paper Used 632 Metric tonnes Worldwide occupied beyond that required of this assignment. We have conducted this verification independently, and there
properties / Apple Internal has been no conflict of interest.
Protocol
P
em
ro
i
d
s
u
si
c
o
t
n
e
s
n d use avoided 200,000 tCO2e W
pro
o
p
rl
e
d
r
w
ti
i
e
d
s
e
/
o
W
cc
R
u
I
p
/W
ied
B CSD e
T
n
h
v
e
i ro
a
n
s
m
su
e
r
n
a
t
n
a
c
l,
e
s o
t
c
e
i
a
a
m
l, e
h
th
a
ic
s
a l
e
a
x
n
te
d
n
h
si
e
v
a
e
l th
e x
a
p
n
e
d
r i
s
e
a
n
f
c
e
e
ty i
i
n
n
f o
c
rm
on
a
d
ti
u
o
c
n
t
,
in
s
g
y s
v
te
e
m
rif
s
ic
a
a
n
ti
d
o n
p ro
a
c
n
e
d
s s
a
e
s
s
s
,
u
h
ra
a
n
s
c
o
e
v e
o
r
v
e
r
GHG Protocol Value Chain years combined experience in this field and an excellent understanding of Apex standard methodology
(Scope 3) for the Assurance of Sustainability Reports.
Attestation:
Gross Carbon Footprint
Corporate GHG Emissions 324,059 tCO2e Worldwide occupied
(Market-Based)1 properties / WRI/WBCSD
GHG Protocol Trevor Donaghu, Lead Verifier David Reilly, Technical Reviewer
Program Manager Principal Consultant
Product Use 4.86 Million metric Worldwide occupied Sustainability and Climate Change Services Sustainability and Climate Change Services
tonnes of carbon properties / WRI/WBCSD
dioxide equivalent GHG Protocol
Manufacturing2 13.44 Million metric Worldwide occupied March 13, 2023
tonnes of carbon properties / WRI/WBCSD
dioxide equivalent GHG Protocol
Transportation3 1.87 Million metric Worldwide occupied
tonnes of carbon properties / WRI/WBCSD
dioxide equivalent GHG Protocol
Recycling3 0.08 Million metric Worldwide occupied
tonnes of carbon properties / WRI/WBCSD
dioxide equivalent GHG Protocol
Apex Companies, LLC Page 3 of 4 Apex Companies, LLC Page 4 of 4

[Table 1 — Page 101]
Water Withdrawal | 1,527 | Million gallons | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
----------------------------------------
Water Discharge | 679 | Million gallons | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Trash Disposed in Landfill | 15,086 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Hazardous Waste (Regulated waste) | 1,261 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Recycled Material (Removal by recycling contractor) | 35,583 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Composted Material | 3,958 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Waste to Energy | 543 | Metric tonnes . | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
C&D Landfilled | 4,877 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
C&D Recycled | 23,535 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Paper Used | 632 | Metric tonnes | Worldwide occupied properties / Apple Internal Protocol
Product end use avoided emissions | 200,000 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Value Chain (Scope 3)

[Table 2 — Page 101]
Gross Carbon Footprint4 | 20.57 | Million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 101]
Gross Carbon Footprint | | |
----------------------------------------
Corporate GHG Emissions (Market-Based)1 | 324,059 | tCO2e | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Product Use | 4.86 | Million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Manufacturing2 | 13.44 | Million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Transportation3 | 1.87 | Million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol
Recycling3 | 0.08 | Million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent | Worldwide occupied properties / WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 102
Appendix D
Product carbon
footprint
(Fraunhofer
Institute)
Letter of Assurance providing independent feedback that can facilitate continuous improvement and
refinement in the LCA methodology applied by Apple Inc.
Comprehensive Carbon Footprint – Scope 3: Product related Carbon
Data reported by Apple is as follows:
Footprint for Fiscal Year 2022
Manufacturing Transportation Product Use Recycling Total base
product
Fraunhofer IZM reviewed Apple’s scope 3 carbon footprint data related to the products footprint
manufactured and sold by Apple Inc. in fiscal year 2022. 2022 30.83 1.87 5.06 0.08 37.84
[MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e]
MMT CO2e: million metric tons carbon dioxide equivalents
1 Summary The total scope 3 product related carbon footprint is reported to be 37.84 million metric
tons CO2e, applying a location-based method reflecting the average emissions intensity of
grids on which energy consumption occurs. This figure does not include greenhouse gas
This review checks transparency of data and calculations, appropriateness of supporting emissions reductions for manufacturing resulting from Apple renewable energy projects,
product related data and assumptions, and overall plausibility of the calculated supplier renewable electricity purchases, and supplier renewable electricity installations.
comprehensive annual carbon footprint comprised of emissions derived from the life cycle Based on the process and procedures conducted, there is no evidence that the Greenhouse
assessment (LCA) of Apple products shipped in fiscal year 2022. This review and verification Gas (GHG) assertion with regards to scope 3 carbon footprint
focuses on Scope 3 emissions for products sold by Apple Inc. (as defined by
WRI/WBCSD/Greenhouse Gas Protocol – Scope 3 Accounting and Reporting Standard).  is not materially correct and is not a fair representation of GHG data and
Confidential data relating to product sales and shipments were excluded from the scope of information, and
this verification.
 has not been prepared in accordance with the related International Standard on
This review and verification covers Apple’s annual greenhouse gas emissions and does not GHG quantification, monitoring and reporting.
replace reviews conducted for individual product LCAs for greenhouse gas emissions
(GHGs). The life cycle emissions data produced by Apple for individual products has been
calculated in accordance to the standard ISO 14040/14044: Environmental management – 2 Reviewed Data and Plausibility Check
Life cycle assessment – Principles and framework / Requirements and guidelines. This
review and verification furthermore complies with ISO 14064-3: Greenhouse gases – Part 3:
Specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions.
A verification and sampling plan as required by ISO 14046-3 has been established for the
comprehensive carbon footprint review and verification, defining the level of assurance,
The review of the annual carbon footprint has considered the following criteria:
objectives, criteria, scope and materiality of the verification.
 The system, boundaries and functional unit are clearly defined
As part of this review and verification Apple disclosed following data to Fraunhofer IZM:
 Assumptions and estimations made are appropriate
 Sales data for FY2022, including accessories and including AppleCare, Apple's
 Selection of primary and secondary data is appropriate and methodologies used extended warranty and technical support plans for their devices.
are adequately disclosed
 Life cycle GHG emissions for all products, differentiating the actual product
These criteria are also fundamental to the review of LCAs conducted for individual product configurations (e.g. memory capacity)
emissions. The reviewers note that the largest share (99%) of Apple Inc. annual carbon
footprint is comprised of scope 3 emissions from individual products. The aforementioned  Calculation methodology for the comprehensive carbon footprint
criteria have been regularly reviewed by Fraunhofer IZM since 2007 with a view to
 Detailed analysis of the comprehensive carbon footprint including:
Comprehensive Carbon Footprint Le C tt l e ie r n o t f : A A s p s p u l r e a n In c c e . 1 Comprehensive Carbon Footprint Le C tt l e ie r n o t f : A A s p s p u l r e a n In c c e . 2

[Table 1 — Page 102]
2022 | | 30.83 | | | 1.87 | | | 5.06 | | | 0.08 | 37.84 |
----------------------------------------
| [MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e] [MMT CO2e] | | | | | | | | | | | |

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 103
o The breakdown of the carbon footprint into life cycle phases For all product LCA calculations, where exact data was missing, the principle of a worstmanufacturing, transportation, product use and recycling case approach has been followed and results have been calculated with rather conservative
estimates.
o Detailed product specific split into life cycle phases
o The contribution of individual products and product families to the overall The review has not found assumptions or calculation errors on the carbon footprint data
carbon footprint level that indicate the scope 3 carbon footprint has been materially misstated. The excellent
analysis meets the principles of good scientific practice.
The data and information supporting the GHG assertion were projected (use phase and
recycling) and historical (i.e. fiscal year 2022 data regarding sales figures, manufacturing, Berlin, March 1, 2023
transportation, use patterns where available).
This review comprises a check of selected data, which are most influential to the overall
carbon footprint. The overall plausibility check addressed the following questions: - Karsten Schischke - - Marina Proske -
Fraunhofer IZM Fraunhofer IZM
 Are product LCAs referenced and updated with more recent data correctly? Dept. Environmental and Dept. Environmental and
Reliability Engineering Reliability Engineering
 Are results for products, for which no full LCA review was undertaken, plausible?
This review was done remotely.
3 Findings
Reviewer Credentials and Qualification
Karsten Schischke: Experience and background in the field of Life Cycle Assessments include
In FY2022 and beginning of FY2023 11 recent product LCA studies have been reviewed  Life Cycle Assessment course and exam as part of the Environmental Engineering studies (Dipl.-Ing. Technischer
successfully against ISO 14040/44. These LCAs cover product segments iPhone, iPad, Umweltschutz, Technische Universität Berlin, 1999)
MacBook Air, and MacBookPro. These recently reviewed LCA studies cover products which  more than 150 Critical Reviews of LCA and PCF studies since 2005 (batteries, displays, mobile devices, networked
represent in total 35.6% of the total scope 3 carbon footprint. Representatives of other ICT equipment, home automation devices, servers, desktop computers, inverters) for 7 different industry clients
and of the EPEAT Environmental Benefits Calculator
product segments (iMac, Apple Watch, iPod, Mac Pro, HomePod, AirPort Express / AirPort  Coordination of and contribution to compilation of more than 100 ELCD datasets (available at www.lca2go.eu;
Extreme, Apple TV, Airpods and Beats products) underwent no or only minor design product groups: hard disk drives, semiconductors, printed circuit boards, photovoltaics)
changes compared to those which went through a full LCA review in former years. All  Environmental Lifecycle Assessments following the MEEuP / MEErP methodology in several Ecodesign Product
reviewed LCA studies up to now cover in total 68.4% of the total scope 3 carbon footprint. Group Studies under the European Ecodesign Directive since 2007 (external power supplies, complex settop-boxes,
machine tools, welding equipment, mobile phones, tablets)
 comparative Life Cycle Assessment of SIM technologies
All questions raised in the course of the review were answered by Apple and related  various environmental gate-to-gate assessments in research projects since 2000 (wafer bumping, printed circuit
evidence was provided where needed. board manufacturing)
Further updated information at: www.linkedin.com/in/karsten-schischke
4 Conclusions Marina Proske: Experience and background in the field of Life Cycle Assessments include
 Life Cycle Assessment course and exam as part of the Environmental Engineering studies (Dipl.-Ing. Technischer
Umweltschutz, Technische Universität Berlin, 2009)
 Critical Reviews of LCA studies incl. water, fiber and plastic footprints since 2012 for 2 industry clients and of the
Apple’s assessment approach is excellent in terms of granularity of the used calculation EPEAT Environmental Benefits Calculator
data. A significant share of components is modelled with accurate primary data from  Life Cycle Assessment of modular smartphones (Fairphone 2, 3 and 4)
Apple’s suppliers.  Studies on the environmental assessment and carbon footprint of ICT
 Studies on material and lifetime aspects within the MEErP methodology
Further updated information at: https://de.linkedin.com/in/marina-proske-74347164/en
Comprehensive Carbon Footprint Le C tt l e ie r n o t f : A A s p s p u l r e a n In c c e . 3 Comprehensive Carbon Footprint Le C tt l e ie r n o t f : A A s p s p u l r e a n In c c e . 4

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 104
Appendix D
Supplier Clean
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
6. Review of Apple information systems for collection, aggregation, analysis and internal
Energy Program verification and review of environmental data.
To: The Stakeholders of Apple Inc. The work was planned and carried out to provide reasonable assurance for all indicators and we believe
it provides an appropriate basis for our conclusions.
(Apex) Introduction and objectives of work
Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) was engaged by Apple Inc. (Apple) to conduct an independent assurance Our Findings
of its Supplier Clean Energy Program data reported in its 2022 environmental report (the Report). This
Apex verified the following indicators for Apple’s Fiscal Year 2022 reporting period (September 26, 2021
assurance statement applies to the related information included within the scope of work described
through September 24, 2022):
below. The intended users of the assurance statement are the stakeholders of Apple. The overall aim
of this process is to provide assurance to Apple’s stakeholders on the accuracy, reliability and objectivity
of select information included in the Report.
Parameter Quantity Units Boundary / Protocol
This information and its presentation in the Report are the sole responsibility of the management of
Clean Energy Use 23.66 Million megawatt Apple suppliers / Apple
Apple. Apex was not involved in the collection of the information or the drafting of the Report. hours (mMWh) Internal Protocol
Avoided GHG Emissions 17.39 Million metric tons Apple suppliers / Apple
of carbon dioxide Internal Protocol
Scope of Work equivalent
Apple requested Apex to include in its independent review the following:
(mMtCO2e)
Operational Capacity 13,708 Megawatts (MWac) Apple suppliers / Apple
▪ Methodology for tracking and verifying supplier clean energy contributions, including the Energy Internal Protocol
Survey, Renewable Energy Agreement, and other forms of supporting documentation provided
by suppliers where available;
Our Conclusion
▪ Assurance of Clean Energy Program data and information for the fiscal year 2022 reporting
period (September 26, 2021 through September 24, 2022), specifically, in accordance with Based on the assurance process and procedures conducted, we conclude that:
Apple’s definitions: • The Clean Energy Use, Avoided GHG Emissions, and Operational Capacity assertions shown
o Energy: Reported megawatt-hours (MWh) of clean energy attributed to the Clean Energy above are materially correct and are a fair representation of the data and information; and
Program for suppliers; • Apple has established appropriate systems for the collection, aggregation and analysis of
o Avoided Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions associated with clean energy attributed to the relevant environmental information, and has implemented underlying internal assurance
Clean Energy Program; practices that provide a reasonable degree of confidence that such information is complete and
accurate.
o Operational Capacity in megawatts (MWac) of clean energy in support of Apple
manufacturing as a part of Apple’s Supplier Clean Energy Program;
o Appropriateness and robustness of underlying reporting systems and processes, used to Statement of independence, integrity and competence
collect, analyze, and review the information reported.
Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to: staff in their day to day business activities. We are particularly vigilant in the prevention of conflicts of
▪ Text or other written statements associated with the Report interest.
▪ Activities outside the defined assurance period No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Apple, its Directors or Managers
beyond that required of this assignment. We have conducted this verification independently, and there
has been no conflict of interest.
Assessment Standards The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting verification and assurance over
environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, has over 30
Our work was conducted against Apex’s standard procedures and guidelines for external Verification years combined experience in this field and an excellent understanding of Apex standard methodology
of Sustainability Reports, based on current best practice in independent assurance. Apex procedures for the Assurance of Sustainability Reports.
are based on principles and methods described in the International Standard on Assurance
Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Attestation:
Historical Financial Information (effective for assurance reports dated on or after Dec. 15, 2015), issued
by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and ISO 14064-3: Greenhouse gases --
Part 3: Specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas statements.
Methodology Trevor Donaghu, Lead Verifier David Reilly, Technical Reviewer
Program Manager Principal Consultant
1. Virtual/ remote site visits to Apple facilities in Cork, Ireland
Sustainability and Climate Change Services Sustainability and Climate Change Services
2. Site visits to Apple facilities in Culver City, California
3. Interviews with relevant personnel of Apple; March 7, 2023
4. Review of internal and external documentary evidence produced by Apple;
5. Audit of environmental performance data presented in the Report, including a detailed review
of a sample of data against source data; and Apex Companies, LLC

[Table 1 — Page 104]
Parameter | Quantity | Units | Boundary / Protocol
----------------------------------------
Clean Energy Use | 23.66 | Million megawatt hours (mMWh) | Apple suppliers / Apple Internal Protocol
Avoided GHG Emissions | 17.39 | Million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (mMtCO2e) | Apple suppliers / Apple Internal Protocol
Operational Capacity | 13,708 | Megawatts (MWac) | Apple suppliers / Apple Internal Protocol

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 105
Appendix D
Supplier Energy
The work was planned and carried out to provide limited, rather than reasonable assurance
Efficiency INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT and we believe it provides an appropriate basis for our conclusions.
Our Findings
Program (Apex) To: The Stakeholders of Apple Inc.
Apex verified Avoided Greenhouse Gas emissions for fiscal year 2022 reporting periods:
Introduction and objectives of work Period Quantity Units Boundary / Protocol
Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) was engaged by Apple Inc. (Apple) to conduct an independent FY2022 1.35 Million metric tons Apple suppliers / Apple
assurance of its Supplier Energy Efficiency Program data. This assurance statement applies (9/26/2021-9/24/2022) of carbon dioxide Internal Protocol
equivalent
to the related information included within the scope of work described below. The intended
users of the assurance statement are the stakeholders of Apple. The overall aim of this process
is to provide assurance to Apple’s stakeholders on the accuracy, reliability and objectivity of the
On the basis of our methodology and the activities described above:
reported information.
▪ Nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the reviewed emissions data within
This information and its presentation are the sole responsibility of the management of Apple.
the scope of our verification are inaccurate and the information included therein is not
Apex was not involved in the collection of the information or the drafting of the reported
fairly stated and have not been prepared in accordance with Apple’s stated protocols
information.
for the Supplier Energy Efficiency Program;
▪ It is our opinion that Apple has established appropriate systems for the collection,
Scope of work aggregation and analysis of quantitative data such as energy and associated GHG
emissions reductions.
Apple requested Apex to include in its independent review the following:
This independent statement should not be relied upon to detect all errors, omissions or
▪ Methodology for tracking and verifying supplier energy efficiency projects, including
misstatements that may exist.
supplier energy audit reports, supplier progress reports, energy efficiency project
verifications, and other forms of supporting documentation provided by suppliers where
available;
Statement of independence, integrity and competence
▪ Assurance of Energy Efficiency Program data and information for the fiscal year 2022
Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards
reporting period (September 26, 2021 through September 24, 2022), specifically, in
among staff in their day to day business activities. We are particularly vigilant in the prevention
accordance with Apple’s definitions:
of conflicts of interest.
o Avoided Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions associated with energy reductions No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with Apple, its Directors or
attributed to the Energy Efficiency Program;
Managers beyond that required of this assignment. We have conducted this verification
o Appropriateness and robustness of underlying reporting systems and processes, independently, and there has been no conflict of interest.
used to collect, analyze, and review the information reported.
The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting verification and assurance over
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to: environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, has
▪ Activities outside the defined assurance period. over 30 years combined experience in this field and an excellent understanding of Apex
standard methodology for the Assurance of Sustainability Reports.
Attestation:
Methodology
As part of its independent verification, Apex undertook the following activities:
1. Interviews with relevant personnel of Apple;
2. Review of documentary evidence produced by Apple;
Trevor Donaghu, Lead Verifier David Reilly, Technical Reviewer
3. Audit of performance data;
Program Manager Principal Consultant
4. Review of Apple’s systems for quantitative data aggregation.
Sustainability and Climate Change Services Sustainability and Climate Change Services
Our work was conducted against Apex’s standard procedures and guidelines for external March 7, 2023
Verification of Sustainability Reports, based on current best practice in independent assurance.
Apex procedures are based on principles and methods described in the International Standard
on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, Assurance Engagements Other than Audits
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (effective for assurance reports dated on or after
Dec. 15, 2015), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and ISO
14064-3: Greenhouse gases -- Part 3: Specification with guidance for the validation and
verification of greenhouse gas statements.
Apex Companies, LLC Page 1 of 2 Apex Companies, LLC Page 2 of 2

[Table 1 — Page 105]
Period | Quantity | Units | Boundary / Protocol
----------------------------------------
FY2022 (9/26/2021-9/24/2022) | 1.35 | Million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent | Apple suppliers / Apple Internal Protocol

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 106
Appendix D
Packaging fiber
and plastic
footprint
(Fraunhofer
Institute) Review Statement 2022 Total Virgin Recycled
Plastic w/o
Corporate Packaging Fiber and Plastic Footprint 10,400 10,400 --
adhesives
Fiber 265,700 84,100 181,600
[metric tons] [metric tons plastic] [metric tons plastic]
Fraunhofer IZM reviewed Apple’s corporate packaging fiber and plastic footprint data All results and figures reviewed for fiscal year 2022 are plausible.
related to corporate packaging fiber and plastic usage from products, retail and service
operations in fiscal year 2022.
2 Reviewed Data and Findings
1 Summary
As part of this review Apple disclosed following data to Fraunhofer IZM:
 Calculation methodology for the corporate packaging fiber and plastic footprint
T p h ro is d r u e c v t i e a w nd c h p e a c c k k s a g tr in an g s r p e a la re te n d cy d o a f t a d a a t n a d a a n s d su c m al p cu tio la n ti s o , n a s n , d a p o p v r e o ra p l r l ia p t l e au n s e i s b s i l o it f y s o u f p t p h o e r ting  Sales data for FY2022, including accessories
calculated corporate annual packaging fiber and plastic footprint of Apple products  Selected product and supplier specific data on packaging materials and production
shipped in fiscal year 2022 and of retail and service operations in the same period. yields
As there is no standardised method available for calculating a packaging fiber and plastic  Aggregated packaging fiber and plastic data for all products and the total
footprint Apple defined a methodology for internal use. The scope of the fiber and plastic corporate packaging fiber and plastic footprint for the fiscal year 2022
packaging footprint includes Apple’s corporate packaging fiber and plastic usage from The methodology paper provided by Apple (Packaging Plastic Footprint at Apple –
products, retail operations and Apple care services. The packaging fiber and plastic
Methodology Description – V1.0 in 2018, Fiber Footprint at Apple - Methodology
footprint tracks the total amount of plastic, virgin and recycled wood fibre, that Apple uses
Description - V1.1 reviewed in 2017), is considered a sound and appropriate guidance for
in packaging. Apple obtains and analyses supplier-specific data for each product line and
sums up these figures for the entire company using sell-in numbers. For some products, a determining the company packaging fiber and plastic. Where appropriate, this approach
representative supplier is chosen to calculate the product-specifc packaging. The output is a follows methodological principles applied for state-of-the-art Life Cycle Assessments.
total packaging fiber and plastic footprint. For labels, beats products and accessories, This review comprises a check of packaging fiber and plastic data for selected products
individual sell-in numbers were only availabe for a share of products. These were (Apple watches, iPhone 12).
extrapolated for the whole category. ESD packages (within Apple care) are excluded from
the packaging plastic footprint. Plausibility of some data has been questioned and discussed with Apple in detail. No
corrections were needed. However, more granular data for accessories is recommended.
The review of the corporate annual packaging fiber and plastic footprint has considered the This review was done remotely. All questions raised in the course of the review were
following criteria: answered by Apple and related explanation was provided where needed.
 The system boundaries are clearly defined
 Assumptions and estimations made are appropriate
 Use of supplier data is appropriate and methodologies used are adequately
disclosed
Data reported by Apple is as follows:
Corporate Packaging Fiber and Plastic Fo R o e tp vi r e in w t 1 Corporate Packaging Fiber and Plastic Fo R o e tp vi r e in w t 2

[Table 1 — Page 106]
| Plastic w/o | | 10,400 | | | 10,400 | | | -- | |
----------------------------------------
| adhesives | | | | | | | | | |
| Fiber | | | 265,700 | | | 84,100 | | | 181,600 |
| | | | | | | | | | |

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 107
Based on the process and procedures conducted, there is no evidence that the corporate
packaging fiber and plastic footprint is not materially correct and is not a fair
representation of fiber and plastic data and information.
Berlin, March 10, 2023
- Marina Proske - - Karsten Schischke -
Fraunhofer IZM Fraunhofer IZM
Dept. Environmental and Dept. Environmental and
Reliability Engineering Reliability Engineering
Corporate Packaging Fiber and Plastic Footprint 3
Review

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 108
Appendix E
Environment, Health
and Safety Policy

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 109
Appendix E
Environment, Health and Safety Policy
Mission Statement Guiding Principles Communicate EHS policies and programs to Apple
employees and stakeholders, and ensure suppliers
Apple Inc. is committed to protecting the environment, Meet or exceed all applicable EHS requirements.
operate in accordance with Apple’s Supplier Code
health and safety (EHS) of our employees, contractors,
of Conduct. Supplier Responsibility resources
and customers in the design, research, manufacture, Where laws and regulations do not provide adequate
and Supplier Code of Conduct are available
distribution, and use of our products and services and the controls, apply higher standards to protect human health
at apple.com/supplier-responsibility.
global communities where we operate. and the environment.
Strive to create products that are safe in their intended
We recognize that by integrating sound EHS Design, manage, and operate our facilities safely, promote
use, conserve energy and materials, and prevent pollution
management practices into all aspects of our business, energy efficiency and renewable energy, and protect
throughout the product life cycle, including design,
we can offer technologically innovative products and biodiversity and the environment.
manufacture, use, and end-of-life management.
services while conserving and enhancing resources for
future generations. Encourage contractors, vendors, and suppliers to provide
Pursue continual improvement through the evaluation
safe working conditions, treat workers with dignity and
of our EHS performance by monitoring ongoing
Apple strives for continuous improvement in our EHS respect, act fairly and ethically, use environmentally
performance results and through periodic management
management systems and in the environmental quality of responsible practices, and have effective programs for the
reviews, as well as a commitment to correcting
our products, processes, and services. control of environmental aspects, wherever they perform
EHS nonconformities.
services for Apple.
Ensure that all employees are aware of their role
Support and promote sound scientific principles,
and responsibility to fulfill and sustain Apple’s EHS
practices, and public policy initiatives that enhance
management systems and policy by providing training
environmental quality, health and safety performance, and
and tools in the user’s primary language.
ethical sourcing of materials.
Luca Maestri
Senior Vice President and CFO
February 2023

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 110
Appendix F
ISO 14001
certification

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 111
Appendix F
ISO 14001
certification
Apple operates manufacturing facilities in Cork, Ireland.
We certify 100 percent of these facilities with ISO 14001.
Certificate of Registration
of Environmental Management CERTIFICATE
System to I.S. EN ISO 14001:2015 NSAI has issued an IQNet recognised certificate that the organisation:
AAppppllee OOppeerraattiioonnss EEuurrooppee
AAppppllee OOppeerraattiioonnss EEuurrooppee Hollyhill Industrial Estate
Hollyhill
Hollyhill Industrial Estate Cork
Hollyhill Ireland
Cork
has implemented and maintains a
Ireland
EEnnvviirroonnmmeennttaall MMaannaaggeemmeenntt SSyysstteemm
for the following scope:
NSAI certifies that the aforementioned company has been assessed and TThhee mmaannaaggeemmeenntt ooff aallll EEMMEEAA ooppeerraattiioonnaall aaccttiivviittiieess rreellaatteedd ttoo mmaannuuffaaccttuurriinngg,, ssaalleess,,
deemed to comply with the provisions of the standard referred to above in ddeelliivveerryy aanndd aafftteerr ssaalleess ssuuppppoorrtt ffoorr ddiirreecctt rreettaaiill aanndd cchhaannnneell ccuussttoommeerrss..
respect of:-
which fulfils the requirements of the following standard:
The management of all EMEA operational activities related to manufacturing,
sales, delivery and after sales support for direct retail and channel customers
II..SS.. EENN IISSOO 1144000011::22001155
IIssssuueedd oonn:: 1144 JJuullyy 22002211
FFiirrsstt iissssuueedd oonn:: 2200 MMaarrcchh 22000011
EExxppiirreess oonn:: 1100 JJuullyy 22002244
This attestation is directly linked to the IQNet Partner’s original certificate and shall not be
used as a stand-alone document
Registration Number: IE-14.0202
A
S
H
t
p
e
e
p
a
w
r
d
o
a
-
v
r t
B
e d
H
u s
i
b
c
i
y
n
k
:
e
e
s
y
s Excellence, NSAI
Registration Number: 14.0202 This certificate remains valid on condition Partner of
V
R
L O a
e
a r s i
m
l g i t d i
a
a n f
i
m a
n
ro l
s
e m R n
v
e
a
d : g
l
1 e
i
i
d
4 d st
t
J o r u
o
a n
:
l t y : i
o 2 1
n 0 4
J
: 2
u
J 2 1 u
l
y
l y M
a 0
r 2
c 1 h 2001 t M a p
c
c
h
e
e
d a a a
r
r
e r
t
t
n t t q
i
i
n a
f
f
t u
i
i
e h g
c
c
a r e e
a
a
t o m
t
t
e A
i
i
f
o
o
p a e I
n
n
Q p n n
.
r t d N
n
c
o S
o
e
e e v y
m
t
t f e
w
s f d – i
)
t c
o
e t E a
r
h m n
k
c e v i
(
i o i i
w
s r n u o m
w
t s n e
w
m a m rn i
.
n a
i
e a
q
t n n t a
n
n i t o i
e
a e n n
t
l r e
-
a . d l N in S a A n I is a P A r l e ex s i S d t e o n ic t h o it f o I i Q u Net H St e e a w d a r – t B H u ic s k in ey e ss Excellence, NSAI
IQNet Partners*:
AENOR Spain AFNOR Certification France APCER Portugal CCC Cyprus CISQ Italy CQC China CQM China CQS Czech
All valid certifications are listed on NSAI’s website – www.nsai.ie. The continued validity of this certificate Republic Cro Cert Croatia DQS Holding GmbH Germany FCAV Brazil FONDONORMA Venezuela ICONTEC Colombia
may be verified under “Certified Company Search” Inspecta Sertifiointi Oy Finland INTECO Costa Rica IRAM Argentina JQA Japan KFQ Korea MIRTEC Greece MSZT Hungary
Nemko AS Norway NSAI Ireland NYCE-SIGE México PCBC Poland Quality Austria Austria RR Russia SII Israel SIQ Slovenia
SIRIM QAS International Malaysia SQS Switzerland SRAC Romania TEST St Petersburg Russia TSE Turkey YUQS Serbia
IQNet is represented in the USA by: AFNOR Certification, CISQ, DQS Holding GmbH and NSAI Inc.
NSAI (National Standards Authority of Ireland), 1 Swift Square, Northwood, Santry, Dublin 9, Ireland T +353 1 807 3800 E: info@nsai.ie www.nsai.ie
** The list of IQNet partners is valid at the time of issue of this certificate. Updated information is available under www.iqnetcertification.com
CERT-161 WM: 14001 2015 INAB (3) CERT-067.14001: MMA IQNet NSAI 14001 2015 A4 (1)

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 112
Report notes
About this report independent third party. Less than 5 percent of the total “strive,” and similar terms. These statements involve risks dates. Readers should not place undue reliance on
mass shipped in Apple products in fiscal year 2022 is and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially the forward-looking statements made in this report.
This report is published annually, typically in April, and
recycled content data that is either supplier verified, from any future results expressed or implied by the Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics,
focuses primarily on fiscal year activities. This report
meaning it has been reported by the supplier and cross- forward-looking statements. and measurements used in preparing this report continue
addresses environmental impacts and activities at Apple
checked by Apple, or supplier reported, meaning it has to evolve and are based on assumptions believed to be
facilities (corporate offices, data centers, and retail stores),
been reported by the supplier based on production and These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, reasonable at the time of preparation, but should not be
as well as the life cycle impacts of our products, including
allocation values. In all cases, Apple defines recycled any failure to meet stated environmental targets, goals, considered guarantees. Given the inherent uncertainty
in the manufacturing, transportation, use, and end-ofcontent in alignment with ISO 14021. Product claims are and commitments, and execute our strategies in the time of the estimates, assumptions, and timelines contained
life phases. To provide feedback on this report, please
made as of the launch date of those individual products, frame expected or at all, global sociodemographic and in this report, we may not be able to anticipate whether,
contact environment-report@apple.com.
and they are accurate as of product launch. economic trends, changing government regulations, or the degree to which, we will be able to meet our plans,
technological innovations, climate-related conditions targets, or goals in advance.
Reporting year
Forward-looking statements and weather events, our ability to gather and verify data
We track our environmental progress based on Apple’s regarding environmental impacts, the compliance of For more information
The report does not cover all information about our various third parties with our policies and procedures, and
fiscal year. All references to a year throughout the report
business. References in this report to information should our expansion into new products, services, technologies, Respect for human rights shapes how we make our
refer to Apple’s fiscal years, unless “calendar year” is
not be construed as a characterization regarding the and geographic regions. More information on risks, products and services. Our responsibilities go beyond our
specified. Apple’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period
materiality of such information to our financial results or uncertainties, and other potential factors that could affect stores and corporate offices: They extend to our supply
that ends on the last Saturday of September.
for purposes of the U.S. securities laws. While certain our business and performance is included in our filings chain, the communities we’re a part of, and the planet we
matters discussed in this report may be significant, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, all share. Read Our Commitment to Human Rights.
Data assurance
any significance should not be read as necessarily including in the “Risk Factors” and “Management’s
We obtain third-party verification for some of the rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Apple’s Racial Equity and Justice Initiative aims to help
information in this report from Apex Companies and of complying with the U.S. federal securities laws and Results of Operations” sections of the company’s most dismantle systemic barriers to opportunity and combat
the Fraunhofer Institute in Germany (as denoted regulations. The information covered by the report recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form injustices faced by communities of color.
in Appendix D). Data in this report, including data contains forward-looking statements within the meaning 10-Q and subsequent filings. Further, from time to time
or verification from third parties, reflects estimates of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we engage in various initiatives (including voluntary Read more about our work to uphold the highest
using methodologies and assumptions believed including statements regarding our environmental goals, disclosures, policies, and programs), but we cannot standards of labor and human rights, health and safety,
to be reasonable and accurate. Those estimates, commitments, and strategies and related business and guarantee that these initiatives will have the desired and environmental stewardship across our global supply
methodologies, and assumptions may change in the stakeholder impacts. Forward-looking statements can effect. We assume no obligation, and expressly disclaim chain in our People and Environment in Our Supply Chain
future as a result of new information or subsequent be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” any duty (including in response to new or changed 2023 Annual Progress Report.
developments. In addition, the bulk of Apple’s recycled “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” information) to update any forward-looking statements
content data is certified and thus verified by an “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” “aim,” or information, which speak as of their respective

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 113
End notes
Introduction Climate Change Resources
1 Apple is carbon neutral for corporate emissions, which include scope 7 We plan to reach carbon neutrality beginning with our fiscal year 2030 17 Testing was done under the condition of streaming 4K movies played 25 Based on the methodology Apple uses to calculate transportation 27 Apple reports data about the recycled content of its products at
1 and 2 emissions, as well as scope 3 emissions from employee travel, carbon footprint. on Apple TV 4K with the Siri Remote from the Apple TV app. emissions, which is regularly reviewed by a third party, different levels of fidelity, based on the level of independent data
business commute, work from home, and third-party cloud services. 8 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), “Summary for 18 Testing was conducted by Apple in February 2022 using Fraunhofer IZM. verification. The bulk of Apple’s recycled content data is certified
2 Apple follows the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Policymakers of IPCC Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5°C preproduction Mac Studio systems with Apple M1 Ultra with 20-core 26 Rogelj, J., D. Shindell, K. Jiang, S. Fifita, P. Forster, V. Ginzburg, C. and thus verified by an independent third party. Less than 5 percent
Standard (GHG Protocol) to calculate value chain emissions. The approved by governments,” press release, www.ipcc.ch/2018/10/08/ CPU and 64-core GPU. Power was measured using a representative Handa, H. Kheshgi, S. Kobayashi, E. Kriegler, L. Mundaca, of the total mass shipped in Apple products in fiscal year 2022
GHG Protocol defines scope 1 emissions as direct greenhouse gas summary-for-policymakers-of-ipcc-special-report-on-global- workload in a commercial application. High-end PC desktop data R. Séférian, and M.V.Vilariño, 2018: “Mitigation Pathways Compatible contains recycled content that is either supplier verified, meaning
emissions that occur from sources that are owned or controlled by warming-of-1-5c-approved-by-governments. comes from testing Alienware Aurora R13 with Core i9-12900KF and with 1.5°C in the Context of Sustainable Development.” it has been reported by the supplier and cross-checked by Apple,
t e a “ c s fo h o e n o m l e t t l d m h o s i s c e w c p a s o r o a i i n m o n i o n n g n o l y p d i s p n , s a i i r e g f c n n e r r o c o y c c a p ; l m t o t u i s e e n o d c t m s n 3 i h o n u a e i p g c s m l e a s g b b e t i e o 2 o o e d n u n g t e h e b n s o m r ” d y u r a i a i t e p t s t h h r i s s s o y a e , i t n o t r f a c e o n o o s o a r s c f d m m i c p t a e s u p s u a f r e a i r t n n c i h m n n d e h e y d i a t s d ; h i s s n a b o e e i d n w y o d v d i n r n t a e h e s s s l c e u l t c a e t r e o n e G c g p d a t c H r r e m h e i e c G a e 3 x i e t i n c P n y e m h l , r u o m o o s i d s f t t u i o e s e s t s h i a c s s o e e i m o o n t g l h r n , s , e a e w . h s s p A e h a o p a s i r c t p t , a h i l n e l l g 9 C r c a e f e u s e m o t e n a w r p l p t s il e l e , o o s r l a y r l s t a n o a e , t d r s e a e e n s u c s e d c s , o m o c e m A p i o s o p m e r s f p p i u 3 t o l o e h t n r e e - i a r s , p m d t w e r i - n o i s p o o c d s r a l f u i k u f r o i c t d c f n y e r e e s o d c s s m a l , o d c s A u o i h s g p d p o o i p t e c m a s l i e e l a 1 e c - r t , a v e o o u n i d w n c p d t e n w s e s 2 e t n i r . t d e e t h a m f a b o m n i u r s d s A s i m i c i p n o o p e p n l a s l o s e c s c f t O r a t s o r t n a e m f e r v d o e A s m d l, e p a r s p t v a c l i e c o e p s e , 1 19 G c M F e E o e n f e a f d m e i F c c r e o p i g S e r r u a y c n t l t u e c e e E d y f r R n f i o i s p T e c . y e r i X e s g r t n f y 3 e o c 0 m C r y m 9 o s v 0 a n a a . n s l n P u e c d e e e rv r s r i f a e s o a t f r i r b l o m e e a n c b s a t S e n a t t d c s h a e e e n o d t d n a e o a p t s n r h p t d s e r t s o h a U x f e r o i . e m S f r o c . a B l D o l t a o e n e t w t d p p e i u a n e r c y r g r t f t m o C e c r d o h e m n a n u a r d t s g n i o i t e n c i f o r g e s E n . s o n s T p f e : e h rg c e y i f ic I o g s s D A n t u f l . e : o r s P g e l G b m t n i l a r o a lo g a o i l b n n b t t g a a h t i a e r , l b e e l , W w l n W e e V a i . n . n a d , r M h g m r P e o m o . v t i u n u h Z e in s g f e h l o o e g a g o u p i g o , f l m m o a f H 1 b a s e . 1 . 5 a - . - n e 5 ° O l O t C m ° , r k . C e a i P i a s s a . n ö b s p , A d r i o C o o n t e v n n . n e I f e s P P f p e o r é p C , a r a r D t C t t e o n s h . - , w S R t t i R h n o p o a . e d e y b e P u s c t e r i h s , a d i r a t r t d i c n r e s l i i o R , a c a t c J l a h t e k . l t e o p e e S , f v o c S k p e c r o e . t l o l s C i n a m o v , t o a e n e P a n n r x . t t t d n R e t h y o . o e r c [ S r e f M h s i l m h a , a a u J t n p s e k . g a s B d la o e c . R , n , t s . - o b r i u s t n o e h n r a c c t i s d s a p l y u e u e l p c d d s p r l e r e a e p e d o d l l e i p n i n e i s c n o d r p o r — u p r r t n e o i s r n t o p d t a e g r d o u s y n u a r c - t a t c c a t e i i n t t r v o d u s e e n a , a s i r l m s u a l a i g r g l n d e t e n , e d r a c m i t v n y h r a e e e i c i l n s l c n n l o e g y t o c b d c w i v a t y l e c e t i h t i p r o o d h a a r n n s o l c I l t S d e v o r b e O a u n n e c l c t t e u 1 . e y t n e 4 T c n m s o 0 l t r e . , e t a 2 d a I w p n t 1 l e o . o h r a r W e r r i i l c t a l c r e h e l c e y d c a n c d m o s b e l o e m a e w y d y n s p a t , o h m r b o A e t e s l a s p e c i s t u t u p e c i u l o r l t r o e p r n i i e a n n p d l n a t l e e i t n e l f n y d r in t es
collectively make up less than 10 percent of our 2015 base year scope 10 Refer to Appendix A for a description of our methodology for • Power adapter, no load: Condition in which the Apple USB Power Matthews, Y. Chen, X. Zhou, M.I. Gomis, E. Lonnoy, T. Maycock, M. percentage may fluctuate based on the number and type of products
3 emissions: “capital goods” due to limited data availability, which calculating life cycle carbon emissions. Adapter with the USB-C to Lightning Cable (1 m) is connected to Tignor, and T. Waterfield (eds.)]. In Press. www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/ sold each year.
limits our ability to influence these emissions, and “waste generated in 11 The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has validated the following AC power but not connected to iPhone uploads/sites/2/2019/02/SR15_Chapter2_Low_Res.pdf. 28 Beginning in fiscal year 2025, we plan to use 100 percent recycled
operations,” as these emissions are negligible. emissions reduction target for Apple: 61.7 percent by fiscal year 2030 • Power adapter efficiency: Average of the Apple 20W USB Power cobalt in all Apple-designed batteries (on a mass-balance basis),
3 Apple reports data about the recycled content of its products at relative to our fiscal year 2019 emissions. This SBTi-validated target Adapter with the USB-C to Lightning Cable (1 m) measured efficiency 100 percent recycled tin soldering and 100 percent recycled gold
different levels of fidelity, based on the level of independent data is derived from our target to reduce emissions by 75 percent by fiscal when tested at 100 percent, 75 percent, 50 percent, and 25 percent of plating of all Apple-designed rigid and flexible printed circuit boards,
verification. The bulk of Apple’s recycled content data is certified and year 2030 relative to 2015, with a base year of 2019 instead. Our SBTi the power adapter’s rated output current and 100 percent recycled rare earth elements in all magnets. We
thus verified by an independent third party. Less than 5 percent of target excludes less than 3 percent of scope 1 and 2 emissions in the 20 Apple began sourcing 100 percent renewable electricity for its calculate our use of recycled cobalt on a mass-balance basis at the
the total mass shipped in Apple products in fiscal year 2022 contains base year, including fire suppressants, refrigerant leakage, purchased corporate operations on January 1, 2018. end of each fiscal year.
recycled content that is either supplier verified, meaning it has been or landlord-provided steam and chilled water, and certain greenhouse 29 Apple’s goal to eliminate plastic from our packaging includes retail
reported by the supplier and cross-checked by Apple, or supplier gases (HFC, PFC, SF6, and NF3), which do not meet Apple’s 21 Apple’s independent assurance provider for the Supplier Clean bags, all finished goods boxes (including plastic content in labels
reported, meaning it has been reported by the supplier based relevance threshold. In addition, our SBTi target excludes the following Energy Program conducts work against standard procedures and and in-box documentation), packaging sent to our customers as part
on production and allocation values. In all cases, Apple defines scope 3 categories, which collectively are approximately 10 percent guidelines for external verification of sustainability reports, based of Apple Trade In, AppleCare packaging for whole units and service
recycled content in alignment with ISO 14021. We do not currently of our base year scope 3 emissions: “capital goods” due to limited on current best practice in independent assurance. The procedures modules (with the exception of plastics needed to protect items from
include industry-average recycled content, which may result in data availability, which limits our ability to influence these emissions, are based on principles and methods described in International electrostatic discharge), and secondary packaging of Apple products
underreporting actual recycled content. Total recycled material as well as “fuel and energy related activities” and “waste generated in Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), and accessories sold by Apple. Our goal does not include the inks,
shipped in products is driven by product material composition and operations,” as these emissions are negligible. Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical coatings, or adhesives used in our packaging. We plan to eliminate
Financial Information (Effective for assurance reports dated on or
total sales — as a result, this overall recycled or renewable content 12 Gross carbon footprint refers to Apple’s carbon footprint before after December 15, 2015), issued by the International Auditing and plastic from the packaging of refurbished Apple products by 2027,
percentage may fluctuate based on the number and type of products applying carbon offsets. Our net carbon footprint incorporates Assurance Standards Board, and ISO 14064-3:2019, Greenhouse once old product packaging designs are phased out.
sold each year. carbon offsets. gases — Part 3: Specification with guidance for the verification and 30 We currently do not account for industry average recycled content,
4 Renewable electricity refers to fossil fuel–free sources of energy, like 13 Testing was done under the condition of streaming 4K movies validation of greenhouse gas statements. and therefore it is likely that far more than 4 percent recycled gold
wind, solar, and low-impact hydroelectricity projects. Clean electricity played on Apple TV 4K (3rd generation) with the Siri Remote from 22 Our use of the term RECs covers renewable energy certificates and exists in Apple’s supply chains today. Apple’s focus is on creating
refers to both renewable electricity as well as other projects that the Apple TV app. similar certifications around the world, such as Guarantees of Origin certified and ethical sources of recycled gold.
Apple considers “low carbon” but not “renewable,” like nuclear and 14 Based on sales-weighted averages of Mac, iPad, iPhone, (GOs) in Europe, Large-Scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) in 31 Apple reports data about the recycled content of its products at
large-impact hydroelectricity projects, which may be included as a Apple Watch, Apple TV, HomePod, AirPods, and Beats. Australia, and Green Electricity Certificates (GECs) in China. different levels of fidelity, based on the level of independent data
result of low-carbon electricity provided by the grid. verification. The bulk of Apple’s recycled content data is certified
15 Eligible products are those in a product category for which 23 2021 renewable electricity figures associated with Apple’s Supplier
5 We plan to reach carbon neutrality beginning with our fiscal year 2030 and thus verified by an independent third party. Less than 5 percent
ENERGY STAR certification exists. For more information, visit Clean Energy Program do not include REC purchases that Apple made
carbon footprint. of the total mass shipped in Apple products in fiscal year 2022
www.energystar.gov. ENERGY STAR and the ENERGY STAR mark to address a small increase to its carbon footprint. When accounting
6 Beginning in fiscal year 2025, we plan to eliminate plastic are registered trademarks owned by the U.S. Environmental for the REC purchases, the total renewable energy online in Apple’s contains recycled content that is either supplier verified, meaning
from our packaging. Apple’s goal to eliminate plastic from our Protection Agency. supply chain was 10.6 gigawatts, generating 18.6 million megawatt- it has been reported by the supplier and cross-checked by Apple,
packaging includes retail bags, all finished goods boxes (including hours and avoiding 14.2 million metric tons of carbon emissions. or supplier reported, meaning it has been reported by the supplier
plastic content in labels and in-box documentation), packaging sent 16 Apple lists eligible products sold in the United States and Canada based on production and allocation values. In all cases, Apple defines
to our customers as part of Apple Trade In, AppleCare packaging on the Electronic Product Environmental Assessment Tool (EPEAT) 24 ELYSIS was used in the production of the 16-inch MacBook Pro that recycled content in alignment with ISO 14021. We do not currently
for whole units and service modules (with the exception of plastics Registry. Eligible products are those in a product category for which was released in 2019. The 16-inch MacBook Pro released in 2021 now include industry-average recycled content, which may result in
needed to protect items from electrostatic discharge), and secondary EPEAT registration exists, including desktop computers, notebook features a 100 percent recycled aluminum enclosure. underreporting actual recycled content. Total recycled material
packaging of Apple products and accessories sold by Apple. Our computers, computer displays, mobile phones, and tablets. For more shipped in products is driven by product material composition and
goal does not include the inks, coatings, or adhesives used in our information, visit www.epeat.net. total sales — as a result, this overall recycled or renewable content
packaging. We plan to eliminate plastic from the packaging of percentage may fluctuate based on the number and type of products
refurbished Apple products by 2027, once old product packaging sold each year.
designs are phased out.

Introduction Climate Change Resources Smarter Chemistry Engagement and Advocacy Appendix 2023 Environmental Progress Report 114
Resources continued
32 Recycled cobalt is used in all Apple-designed batteries across iPhone, 42 This statistic compares the carbon footprint of aluminum from 55 According to “2021–2022’s Phone Depreciation Report” published 70 Our Mesa and Prineville data centers are third-party certified © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Restore
iPad, and Mac devices and is accounted for on a mass balance– recycled sources with primary aluminum smelted with electricity by BankMyCell, a website that tracks the trade-in and sale value of as Zero Waste by USGBC TRUE, receiving their certifications in Fund, and Power for Impact are trademarks of Apple Inc. Beats is a
system basis. generated from coal. technology products. 2021 and 2020, respectively. TRUE requires 90 percent diversion trademark of Beats Electronics, LLC., registered in the U.S. and other
33 Since publishing the “Material Impact Profiles” white paper, we’ve 43 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled cobalt, on a mass 56 This applies specifically to our U.S.-based Trade In program. or higher from the landfill without the use of waste-to-energy to countries and regions. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco
achieve the TRUE-certified project designation. in the U.S. and other countries and is used under license. ENERGY STAR
34 e 1 In 4 x A p p a p r n i p o d l r e e it ’s d y 2 m o 0 u a 2 r t 2 e a r n E ia a n l l s y v s i a r i o s c n c t m o o u e in n n c t t l a f u o l d r P e 9 r o b 0 g i o p re d e s i r v s c e e R r n s e i t t p y o o f f r a t t h , c w e to e t r o s s t . t a a l t p e r d o d th u a c t t t m he a ss b f b is a a c l l a a a n n l c c y e e e – – a s s r y y 2 s s 0 t t e e 2 m m 5. b b W a a e s s i i c s s , a a i l n c t u t a h l l a e l t A e e p n o p d u l e r o - u f d s e e e a s c o ig h f n r f e e is c d c y a b c l a l e y tt e d e a r c r i . o es b a b l e t g o i n n n a i n m g a i s n s 57 c T M e a I m t L e - p g S e o T r r D a ie t 8 s u r 1 i e n 0 c H S lu h i d s o e c a : k c A , e I l m t r i t t m i u fi d c e e a rs , t i i H o o n n ig , f h F o r r T e e m e m z il e i p ta / e T r r y h a t a e u w q re , u S , i p L h m o o w c e k n T , t e . V m T ib e p r s a e te t r i a d o t n u . re, 71 b M A e l a l e e c n s , t A A a p p b p p li l s l e e h W e su d a p t f c p in h li a e , l r A a s i s r f P s o e o r m d m s b o , l r H y e o s t u m h p a e p n P l i o o e d n r , e s A it y p e e s p a l r — e — T o V f r , o t a r h n i o P d s h e B o e t n h a e a t , s t i P h a a a re d v , e a E m n n e d v n i r t t o h io n e n m E e e d N n E h t R a e l G r e P Y i r n o S m t T e A a c y t R i o b m n e a A t r r g k a e d a n e re c m y r . a e O r g k t i s s h t e o e r f r e p th d r e o t i d r r a u r d e c e s t m p a e n a c d r t k i c s v o e o m w c p o n a m e n d p y a b n n y a i e t m h s e . e s U .S.
shipped. For fiscal year 2022, Apple has improved its internal data 44 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled tin soldering and 58 Estimated based on rock-to-metal ratios from USGS — a change third-party verified as Zero Waste by UL Solutions (UL 2799
models, resulting in an increase in the total product mass shipped, gold plating in all Apple-designed rigid and flexible printed circuit from our previous report, which used ore-to-metal ratios — and on Zero Waste to Landfill Environmental Claim Validation Procedure
thereby reducing the coverage of our priority materials to 87 percent boards beginning in fiscal year 2025. recovery rates from iPhone main logic boards and flexes. (ECVP). UL Solutions requires at least 90 percent diversion
of the total product mass shipped. 45 This achievement was made in 2023 and is not reflected in the total 59 Apple is willing to license five patents relating to Daisy and certain through methods other than waste-to-energy to achieve Zero
35 Recycling makes better use of finite resources by sourcing from estimated recycled content, which captures fiscal year 2022 data. other associated intellectual property on reasonable, royalty- Waste to Landfill (Silver: 90–94 percent, Gold: 95–99 percent,
recovered, rather than mined, materials. Apple defines recycled 46 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled rare earth free terms. and Platinum: 100 percent) designations.
content in alignment with ISO 14021. elements in all magnets beginning in fiscal year 2025. 60 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled cobalt, on a mass 72 These sites have been third-party verified by UL Solutions against
36 We define biomaterials as those that can be regenerated in a human 47 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled tin soldering and balance–system basis, in all Apple-designed batteries beginning in the UL 2799 Zero Waste to Landfill Environmental Claim Validation
lifespan, like paper fibers and sugarcane. Biomaterials can help us gold plating in all Apple-designed rigid and flexible printed circuit fiscal year 2025. We calculate our use of recycled cobalt on a mass Procedure (ECVP). UL Solutions requires at least 90 percent
use fewer finite resources. But even though biomaterials can regrow, boards beginning in fiscal year 2025. balance–system basis at the end of each fiscal year. diversion through methods other than waste-to-energy to
they’re not always managed responsibly. Renewable materials are achieve Zero Waste to Landfill (Silver: 90–94 percent, Gold:
a type of biomaterial managed in a way that enables continuous 48 Beginning in fiscal year 2025, we plan to eliminate plastic from our 61 We define high stress as areas with high or extremely high overall 95–99 percent, and Platinum: 100 percent) designations.
production without depleting the earth’s resources. That’s why we packaging. Apple’s goal to eliminate plastic from our packaging water stress based on the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool and
focus on sources that are certified for their management practices. includes retail bags, all finished goods boxes (including plastic refined by additional local knowledge and research.
37 A d v a o c e n o f i p f r d n f t p i e h f t l i t r a e e c h e i a n t u r n o e t s s t i t p o l a r v e o n e l e v r . c m r t e T y i s f l a c h s ie d s l e e o d a s d f b t s b a f u c h i y d l a o i k p a e b n o p n l o t it f e e u y i n A n d , t d t b p t i h n e t a p h e p s l A a e e e r p t ’ e s n d p i c d s r o l e y e e e n c c n i p t l y t t e h r h c t d o e e l h e d r c i l d r u s e o d c u v c n p t p e o t s e a l p n i o n r l n t i t e f e t y f n r i . o i n s L t v f d c e e d it e a s r s a p l i s f t p y e i a e t e r n h d i o a s d a , d r e n c m u 2 n e 5 c 0 e t r t t a 2 p d s if n 2 e a i a e i r t n t a c d g e nt c c u p o n W o u n o f r e o s n i t A t t t s t p i e p o n e l c p a c m a n t n l l n t e u e i d t i d t r n p e o s s e m r l e o a a e t s r b d s h l v i m e u e f p i r c l c o i s a i e n n t m r s a a k t m n t s a o e e o d , n f l c e d p d A i o n c u l a p a a - t l s e r p c b t o t i s c l o n i e s c e x ( g t w T s a f s d r r s t i , o a t i o o c o h m d c r r d i e t u e a h t i m s s h I d e n c e e s h , e h o n e A p x a l t s a p d c r a i g c p e v t b i k e e p l o e y a ) s t n , C i g A o u ) a a i , n p n s n r p e p g e d o a d l f e o p c s p . i k e f a n O a l c c r a e o g o k u s f u a i n r t u n i r g d c g r g b p i a s o n s i a r s a g n y e c h l e n f k p d e o e t a a o d r d g t c e o w e i k s n d o h a g u o g t . o r l i e n g 62 a a r a w W e c c p i t e t t t p u h i i v v c r r o n n i i a t t x i i e e l e e c i w d m s s u t l a l a s a o ik t r o t e e e e m u l y n r c w u c o o 1 n a e 0 t o i t s c p e l i p i n o r r p e e g f d a r s d l i c a s e s a e n c n y t n d h a t s , t a . t , i w e r r a r g m e i n g e d s e a b . s t w i W a t o i e s m n e e w . a d e F t i s l e o o l t r c n i t m h o s k i a n a t n e t t t o i e s w n w u o w a n e u t h e r e t e r o m v r w e a u a p i p t t r h h o g d d e r i a n a s r t t a e o e io w f e o n n e v u , r a i r f r s r p o m o r o m o r to a d t e b iv l e e
it has been reported by the supplier and cross-checked by Apple, Apple products by 2027, once old product packaging designs are 63 Based on previous estimated consumption and observed use patterns
or supplier reported, meaning it has been reported by the supplier phased out. of nearby facilities.
based on production and allocation values. In all cases, Apple defines
recycled content in alignment with ISO 14021. We do not currently 49 Breakdown of U.S. retail packaging by weight. Adhesives, inks, and 64 These savings do not include reduction in water use from facility
include industry-average recycled content, which may result in coatings are excluded from our calculations of plastic content and closures and reduced occupancy due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
underreporting actual recycled content. Total recycled material packaging weight. We consider those savings temporary, and we acknowledge that the
water use was transferred to employees’ homes.
shipped in products is driven by product material composition and 50 Refers to retail packaging.
total sales — as a result, this overall recycled or renewable content 65 These savings are based on data observed from pilot operations.
51 Estimation of avoided plastics, paper, and carbon emissions are based
percentage may fluctuate based on the number and type of products on weight of materials per unit and projected sales data. 66 We account for savings through this program on a fiscal-year basis,
sold each year. rather than a calendar-year basis as reported in publications before
38 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled cobalt, on a mass 52 Estimation of avoided plastics, paper, and carbon emissions are based fiscal year 2021.
on weight of materials per unit and projected sales data.
balance–system basis, in all Apple-designed batteries beginning in 67 Per the WRI Volumetric Benefit Accounting methodology.
fiscal year 2025. We calculate our use of recycled cobalt on a mass 53 Our packaging design guidelines apply to retail packaging
balance–system basis at the end of each fiscal year. and shippers, and exclude plastic-based components, wraps, 68 Waste diversion rates do not include construction and demolition
and adhesives. waste or electronic waste for fiscal year 2022. Electronic waste is
39 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled tin soldering and accounted for in the total metric tons of electronic waste that we sent
gold plating in all Apple-designed rigid and flexible printed circuit 54 Based on expected equivalent fiber production from our forestry to recycling, found on page 83.
boards beginning in fiscal year 2025. projects and virgin fiber used for Apple product packaging. To
determine the output of Apple’s projects, we work with our partners 69 These sites have been third-party verified by UL Solutions against
40 Apple’s commitment is to use 100 percent recycled rare earth to understand the productive potential of these working forests. The the UL 2799 Zero Waste to Landfill Environmental Claim Validation
elements in all magnets beginning in fiscal year 2025. forest management plans required to achieve or maintain certification Procedure (ECVP). UL Solutions requires at least 90 percent diversion
41 To account for recycled aluminum, we leverage third-party certified limit harvest volumes to sustainable levels. We use these potential through methods other than waste-to-energy to achieve Zero Waste
recycled aluminum data, as well as supplier verified data, meaning it harvest volumes to estimate the sustainable productive capacity of to Landfill (Silver: 90–94 percent, Gold: 95–99 percent, and Platinum:
has been reported by the supplier and cross-checked by Apple. these forests. 100 percent) designations.