AT&T 2022
Sustainability
Summary

[Table 1 — Page 1]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 2 — Page 1]

----------------------------------------


OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Contents
Overview 3
Shareholders & Customers 5
Communities 9
Employees 16
Environment 23
Suppliers 28
Progress toward Goals 30
About this report
This report reflects the global operations of AT&T, Inc., and
relates to the financial year ending December 31, 2022, except
where otherwise noted.
Inclusion of information in this report should not be construed as
a characterization of the financial materiality or impact of that
information. Please see our corporate Annual Report or Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and other publicly-filed
documents available at investors.att.com.
This Sustainability Summary is one component of our
comprehensive ESG reporting, accessible via our ESG reporting
website:
• ESG Issue Briefs
• TCFD Report
• CDP Climate Change Disclosure
• Political Engagement Report
• Transparency Report
• 2023 Proxy Statement

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT
Letter from our Chief Executive Officer
Every year, the internet continues to improve how we live, • Guided by our science-based target, we’re taking action to address
work and communicate. Fast and reliable connectivity climate change in ways relevant to our business, and to prepare for
its impacts on our operations, customers and communities. We’ve
provides extraordinary access to real-time information and
set meaningful goals by year-end 2035, including to be carbon
better opportunities for education, healthcare, employment
neutral across our global operations and to save our business
and commerce.
customers a gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions through
At AT&T, we take pride in the role we play to connect people AT&T connectivity solutions. We’re also using cutting-edge climate
projections to build a more climate-resilient network, and we’re
to greater possibility. From helping NASA call a man on the
sharing that data publicly to help communities better prepare for
moon in 1969 to our work today helping bridge the digital
extreme weather events.
divide, what we do matters.
• We remain committed to building a “big tent” that fosters a
This report details how we continue to address our most important
diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for our workforce.
environmental, social and governance issues for the long-term
Our Employee Groups are at the forefront of this effort. We
success of our business and better futures for all of us. For example:
continue to integrate DE&I considerations into hiring, engagement
and training activities, and I’m proud our efforts have earned
• Employees are dedicated to our mission to help close the digital
AT&T recognition as one of the best workplaces for diversity.
divide. At AT&T Connected Learning Centers across the country,
we’re helping underserved students and parents access the
We’ve come a long way, but we know there’s more to do. Our
internet and get the most out of free AT&T resources focused
commitment to stewardship ensures we are here for our employees,
on digital learning, literacy, online safety and career readiness. It’s
customers and communities as we continue to deliver on our
all part of the 3-year, $2 billion commitment we made in 2021 to
purpose to connect people to greater possibility. I invite you to read
provide greater access to affordable high-speed internet and help
on and learn more about how our work is creating long-term value
people use it in a safe and positive way.
across our operations and how we’re making a difference in the lives
of others and the environment around us.
John Stankey
Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Inc.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS

[Table 1 — Page 3]
Letter from our Chief Executive Officer
----------------------------------------
Every year, the internet continues to improve how we live, • Guided by our science-based target, we’re taking action to address work and communicate. Fast and reliable connectivity climate change in ways relevant to our business, and to prepare for its impacts on our operations, customers and communities. We’ve provides extraordinary access to real-time information and set meaningful goals by year-end 2035, including to be carbon better opportunities for education, healthcare, employment neutral across our global operations and to save our business and commerce. customers a gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions through At AT&T, we take pride in the role we play to connect people AT&T connectivity solutions. We’re also using cutting-edge climate projections to build a more climate-resilient network, and we’re to greater possibility. From helping NASA call a man on the sharing that data publicly to help communities better prepare for moon in 1969 to our work today helping bridge the digital extreme weather events. divide, what we do matters. • We remain committed to building a “big tent” that fosters a This report details how we continue to address our most important diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for our workforce. environmental, social and governance issues for the long-term Our Employee Groups are at the forefront of this effort. We success of our business and better futures for all of us. For example: continue to integrate DE&I considerations into hiring, engagement and training activities, and I’m proud our efforts have earned • Employees are dedicated to our mission to help close the digital AT&T recognition as one of the best workplaces for diversity. divide. At AT&T Connected Learning Centers across the country, we’re helping underserved students and parents access the We’ve come a long way, but we know there’s more to do. Our internet and get the most out of free AT&T resources focused commitment to stewardship ensures we are here for our employees, on digital learning, literacy, online safety and career readiness. It’s customers and communities as we continue to deliver on our all part of the 3-year, $2 billion commitment we made in 2021 to purpose to connect people to greater possibility. I invite you to read provide greater access to affordable high-speed internet and help on and learn more about how our work is creating long-term value people use it in a safe and positive way. across our operations and how we’re making a difference in the lives of others and the environment around us. John Stankey Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Inc.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
Overview
2022 Highlights
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY AT AT&T EMPLOYEES
Our Company purpose is to connect people to greater possibility, and that focus on a 75% 69%
better tomorrow is why the sustainability of our company, our communities and our
world are so important. We’re taking bold action to help bridge the digital divide, and
we’re innovating with connectivity solutions to address some of society’s greatest of open positions were of internal promotions were
challenges such as climate change. We’re also creating long-term value by reducing
filled by women and/or people filled by women and/or people
our environmental footprint, enhancing workforce diversity, and integrating ESG
of color candidates1 of color candidates1
considerations into corporate risk management.
SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS ENVIRONMENT
$9.9 99.5% 45% 2.9
B > M MWh
dividends returned network reliability Scope 1 and 22 emissions annual energy production of our
to stockholders reductions since 20153 U.S. renewable energy portfolio
COMMUNITIES SUPPLIERS
50+ 4.4 53% $16.3
~ M B
Connected Learning Centers FirstNet connections suppliers by spend4 have spend with diverse
committed through 2024 set science-based targets suppliers5
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
Our commitment starts at the top, with oversight
from the AT&T Board of Directors and
guidance from the Governance and Policy Committee,
Audit Committee, and Human Resources Committee.
Our Chief Sustainability Officer leads our CSR Governance
Council, comprising more than a dozen officers responsible for
business operations aligned to our most important ESG focus areas.
We also convene 5 core issue committees to implement or enhance
ESG programs and policies.
‹
‹ ‹
B O A
C
R
S
D
R
O
GO
F
V
D
E
IR
R
E
N
C
A
T
N
O
C
R
E
S
C
O
O
V
U
E
N
R
C
S
I
I
L
G H T
› ›
›
PI
C-LEVEL COMMITT
E
O E
T S
C
O
P
R Environmenta
O l
R
n
o
ri v n E
O
S
E T A S
T
I
N
y t e f a
S
e
n e m A I C ENVIRONMENTAL U S n il n
t L & SOCIAL S O
R S IMPACT c
e
N
E
E S
P
o c ia
n
a n
U
S I
s
C o m m O N S IB l G o v e r B
n
Ri g h t
u
n it
y
IL
IT
Y u
m
a
H
Em
ployee
Activation
READ MORE
• 2023 Proxy Statement

[Table 1 — Page 4]
Overview
----------------------------------------
2022 Highlights CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY AT AT&T EMPLOYEES Our Company purpose is to connect people to greater possibility, and that focus on a 75% 69% better tomorrow is why the sustainability of our company, our communities and our world are so important. We’re taking bold action to help bridge the digital divide, and we’re innovating with connectivity solutions to address some of society’s greatest of open positions were of internal promotions were challenges such as climate change. We’re also creating long-term value by reducing filled by women and/or people filled by women and/or people our environmental footprint, enhancing workforce diversity, and integrating ESG of color candidates1 of color candidates1 considerations into corporate risk management. SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS ENVIRONMENT $9.9 99.5% 45% 2.9 B > M MWh dividends returned network reliability Scope 1 and 22 emissions annual energy production of our to stockholders reductions since 20153 U.S. renewable energy portfolio COMMUNITIES SUPPLIERS 50+ 4.4 53% $16.3 ~ M B Connected Learning Centers FirstNet connections suppliers by spend4 have spend with diverse committed through 2024 set science-based targets suppliers5

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
How We
Our Purpose
Connecting people to greater possibility
Create Value
Key inputs Outcomes
What we do ESG approach
Shareholders & Customers
We're helping more people
Financial
connect to greater possibility
Resources and the strength by investing in network reach,
of our balance sheet.
quality and reliability.
Network
5G & Wireless
Social Impact
The physical infrastructure that Communities
supports our world-leading
America’s most reliable
communications network. We're providing communities with
5G network6 the resources and support needed
to bridge the digital divide and
Brand and enhance their resilience.
Intellectual Capital
Our brand, our reputation and
our capacity for innovation.
Employees
We empower our people to deliver on
Employees
our corporate purpose and advance
Our ~163K employees, located across
Fiber & Internet Environmental their careers, while fostering a diverse,
50 states and more than 55 countries. 7
Impact equitable and inclusive workforce.
Fast, reliable and affordable
broadband internet
Customers & Communities
Our millions of customers and the local Environment
communities where we live and work.
We're reducing our environmental
impact and innovating to help
customers achieve their
Suppliers environmental goals.
Our network of suppliers
across the globe.
Narrowing the Digital Divide
ESG Operational
Public Sector & FirstNet
Suppliers
Integration
Environment AT&T Business • Disaster Recovery
We partner with responsible suppliers
The energy, water and other Technology & Innovation who enhance the resilience of our
natural resources that we use
business and advance industry practice.
to support our operations.
Key inputs What we do ESG approach Outcomes
The resources that we We create connection by bringing the benefits of We integrate ESG issues into our operations The stakeholder value that we create
rely upon to create value. high-quality connectivity and digital access. and use our platform to drive positive impact. through delivering on our purpose.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY 4

[Table 1 — Page 5]
| | | Outcomes |
----------------------------------------
| | | |
| Wha | t we do | ESG approa | c
| ivid Net ecov ion | e ery | |

[Table 2 — Page 5]
What we do We create connection by bringing the benefits of high-quality connectivity and digital access. | ESG approach We integrate ESG issues into our operations and use our platform to drive positive impact.
----------------------------------------

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES
Shareholders
& Customers
By 2025, we estimate that broadband and
wireless users will consume at least five
times more data than they did in 2021.
Through investment in innovation, we’re
sharpening our customer focus and
transforming our operations to provide
connectivity in ways that benefit both
shareholders and society at large.
PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
(FULL-YEAR 2022)
DIVIDENDS RETURNED $9.9
B
TO STOCKHOLDERS
ADJUSTED EPS8
FROM CONTINUING $2.57
OPERATIONS
99.5%
>
NETWORK RELIABILITY
Financial Performance 2022
$24.3
B Page 6
CAPITAL INVESTMENT9
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Network Quality & Reliability
 Page 7 

[Table 1 — Page 6]
Financial Performance 2022 Page 6  | Network Quality & Reliability Page 7 
----------------------------------------

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS
Financial Performance 2
Our solid financial performance in 2022 reflected our renewed
focus on being the best connectivity provider through 5G and
fiber. The divestiture of WarnerMedia in April 2022 created a more
streamlined AT&T and helped enable us to invest at record levels to
bring the benefits of our 5G and fiber technologies to even more
people (page 7).
Our network investment supports increasing customer demand for
reliable, high-quality connectivity solutions. In 2022, we realized a
7.7% increase in mobility subscribers, 3.5% increase in postpaid phone
subscribers from the previous year, and 15.6 million mobility net
subscriber additions. We had 1.2 million net additions of
AT&T Fiber® broadband connections, an increase of 17.5% in 2022.
From July 2020 through the end of 2022, we’ve demonstrated
sustainable momentum, with 7.5 million postpaid phone net customer
additions and 2.9 million AT&T Fiber net adds. This momentum,
combined with continued demand for high-quality connectivity
services, gives us confidence in our trajectory to deliver profitable and
durable growth in 2023 and beyond.
Increase in mobility Increase in AT&T Fiber broadband
subscribers connection net adds
7.7% 17.5%
READ MORE
• 2022 Annual • 2022 10-K • 2023 Proxy
Report Statement
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

Our focus on fiber and 5G
Our world is being transformed by the widespread and growing
availability of 5G and fiber. And AT&T is leading the charge
with our ongoing investments in these technologies across
our network.
Fiber network connections support more bandwidth and faster
uploads than standard cable – in addition to >99.5% proven
reliability. We remain committed to our target of passing more
than 30 million fiber locations – including 5 million business
locations – by the end of 2025, having achieved the milestone of
passing approximately 24 million fiber locations (including
4 million business locations) at the end of 2022.
Our expanding fiber footprint also helps more people enjoy 5G,
as fiber provides critical bandwidth connecting our cell towers
back to the internet. We’ve enhanced 5G reliability and launched
our mid-band 5G spectrum. At the end of 2022, our 5G network
covered more than 285 million people.
CONNECTING MORE PEOPLE TO GREATER POSSIBILITY
People across the country rely on our fast and secure 5G
network, which is critical to our efforts to help close the digital
Total U.S. Mobility
divide (page 10), reimagine healthcare and tackle supply chain Subscribers
challenges. AT&T 5G also supports FirstNet® – America’s public (thousands)
safety network – providing first responders with the critical
connectivity they need to save lives (see page 14).
173917.6
130438.2
AT&T fiber passed at At year-end 2022, more than
86958.8
43479.4
24 285
0.0
~ M M 2020 2021 2022
locations at year-end 2022 people covered by AT&T 5G
855,281
197,102 793,712
U.S. Postpaid
Phone Subscribers
(thousands)
69596.0
55676.8
41757.6
27838.4
13919.2
0.0
2020 2021 2022
612,46 062,76 695,96
AT&T Fiber
Broadband
Connections
(thousands)
2020 2021 2022
159,4
299,5
512,7
COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS

[Table 1 — Page 7]
Financial Performance 2022 |
----------------------------------------
Our focus on fiber and 5G Our solid financial performance in 2022 reflected our renewed focus on being the best connectivity provider through 5G and Our world is being transformed by the widespread and growing fiber. The divestiture of WarnerMedia in April 2022 created a more availability of 5G and fiber. And AT&T is leading the charge streamlined AT&T and helped enable us to invest at record levels to with our ongoing investments in these technologies across bring the benefits of our 5G and fiber technologies to even more our network. people (page 7). Fiber network connections support more bandwidth and faster Our network investment supports increasing customer demand for uploads than standard cable – in addition to >99.5% proven reliable, high-quality connectivity solutions. In 2022, we realized a reliability. We remain committed to our target of passing more 7.7% increase in mobility subscribers, 3.5% increase in postpaid phone than 30 million fiber locations – including 5 million business subscribers from the previous year, and 15.6 million mobility net locations – by the end of 2025, having achieved the milestone of subscriber additions. We had 1.2 million net additions of passing approximately 24 million fiber locations (including AT&T Fiber® broadband connections, an increase of 17.5% in 2022. 4 million business locations) at the end of 2022. From July 2020 through the end of 2022, we’ve demonstrated sustainable momentum, with 7.5 million postpaid phone net customer Our expanding fiber footprint also helps more people enjoy 5G, additions and 2.9 million AT&T Fiber net adds. This momentum, as fiber provides critical bandwidth connecting our cell towers combined with continued demand for high-quality connectivity back to the internet. We’ve enhanced 5G reliability and launched services, gives us confidence in our trajectory to deliver profitable and our mid-band 5G spectrum. At the end of 2022, our 5G network durable growth in 2023 and beyond. covered more than 285 million people. Increase in mobility Increase in AT&T Fiber broadband People across the country rely on our fast and secure 5G subscribers connection net adds network, which is critical to our efforts to help close the digital divide (page 10), reimagine healthcare and tackle supply chain 7.7% 17.5% challenges. AT&T 5G also supports FirstNet® – America’s public safety network – providing first responders with the critical connectivity they need to save lives (see page 14). READ MORE AT&T fiber passed at At year-end 2022, more than 24 285 • 2022 Annual • 2022 10-K • 2023 Proxy ~ M M Report Statement locations at year-end 2022 people covered by AT&T 5G |
| CONNECTING MORE PEOPLE TO GREATER POSSIBILITY Total U.S. Mobility U.S. Postpaid AT&T Fiber Subscribers Phone Subscribers Broadband (thousands) (thousands) Connections (thousands) 69596.0 7215 173917.6 197,102 793,712 55676.8 612,46 062,76 695,96 5772 512,7 855,281 299,5 130438.2 41757.6 4329 159,4 86958.8 27838.4 2886 43479.4 13919.2 1443 0.0 0.0 0 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
Network Quality & Reliability
We provide customers with the connectivity they need
via a network built for speed, security, reliability and
overall performance.
INCREASE IN WIRELESS 100
~ K
Over the past 5 years, we've invested more than $140 billion NETWORK COVERAGE
primarily in our U.S. wireless and wireline networks, including capital (SQUARE MILES)
investments and acquisitions of wireless spectrum.10 Our network
covered more than 2.9 million square miles at the end of 2022,
including:
INCREASE IN LENGTH OF 60
> K
FIBER LAID IN THE U.S.
• Reliable 5G that covered more than 285 million people in nearly
(MILES)
24,000 cities and towns.
• Fiber passed at approximately than 24 million locations across
more than 100 U.S. metro areas.
Reliability when it’s needed most
Because network connectivity is central to our lives, we are collecting For example, in the lead up to Hurricane Ian, AT&T was able to position
and analyzing data on our network 24/7 to ensure it’s working disaster response equipment and personnel in strategic areas to
correctly, to improve its performance and to deliver the best respond faster when the storm made landfall (see page 14 for more
customer experience. on our response to Hurricane Ian).
We’ve developed a comprehensive network resilience program to When disaster strikes, AT&T is there. Our Network Disaster Recovery
maximize service continuity in the face of extreme weather and program helps rapidly restore communications to affected
other disruptions. The AT&T Weather Operations Center helps us stay areas. We have invested more than $650 million in the program,
prepared by proactively monitoring potential nature-related threats and our employees have dedicated 160,000 working hours to
to our network, employees and communities. recovery exercises that test the preparedness of our equipment
and capabilities.
AT&T was awarded most reliable 5G network according READ MORE
to Global Wireless Solutions OneScore for the
• Network Quality & Reliability Issue Brief
2nd year in a row.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
NETWORK TRAFFIC ON AN 594
AVERAGE BUSINESS DAY
(PETABYTES)
CAPITAL INVESTMENT9 $24.3
B
$140
> B
invested primarily in our U.S. wireless and wireline
networks over the past five years
(2018–2022), including capital investments and
acquisitions of wireless spectrum10
More than
$650
M
invested in our
Network Disaster Recovery program

[Table 1 — Page 8]
Network Quality & Reliability
----------------------------------------
We provide customers with the connectivity they need via a network built for speed, security, reliability and overall performance. INCREASE IN WIRELESS 100 NETWORK TRAFFIC ON AN 594 ~ K Over the past 5 years, we've invested more than $140 billion NETWORK COVERAGE AVERAGE BUSINESS DAY primarily in our U.S. wireless and wireline networks, including capital (SQUARE MILES) (PETABYTES) investments and acquisitions of wireless spectrum.10 Our network covered more than 2.9 million square miles at the end of 2022, including: INCREASE IN LENGTH OF 60 CAPITAL INVESTMENT9 $24.3 > K B FIBER LAID IN THE U.S. • Reliable 5G that covered more than 285 million people in nearly (MILES) 24,000 cities and towns. • Fiber passed at approximately than 24 million locations across more than 100 U.S. metro areas. Reliability when it’s needed most Because network connectivity is central to our lives, we are collecting For example, in the lead up to Hurricane Ian, AT&T was able to position $140 > B and analyzing data on our network 24/7 to ensure it’s working disaster response equipment and personnel in strategic areas to correctly, to improve its performance and to deliver the best respond faster when the storm made landfall (see page 14 for more invested primarily in our U.S. wireless and wireline customer experience. on our response to Hurricane Ian). networks over the past five years (2018–2022), including capital investments and We’ve developed a comprehensive network resilience program to When disaster strikes, AT&T is there. Our Network Disaster Recovery acquisitions of wireless spectrum10 maximize service continuity in the face of extreme weather and program helps rapidly restore communications to affected other disruptions. The AT&T Weather Operations Center helps us stay areas. We have invested more than $650 million in the program, More than prepared by proactively monitoring potential nature-related threats and our employees have dedicated 160,000 working hours to to our network, employees and communities. recovery exercises that test the preparedness of our equipment $650 M and capabilities. invested in our AT&T was awarded most reliable 5G network according READ MORE Network Disaster Recovery program to Global Wireless Solutions OneScore for the • Network Quality & Reliability Issue Brief 2nd year in a row.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Network Quality & Reliability
Increasing climate resilience
Our approach to climate risk recognizes that we must not only
transition to a low-carbon economy (page 24), but importantly,
address the physical impacts of climate change. Building climate
resilience means understanding the threats we face from
climate change and taking steps to prepare our infrastructure to
withstand more frequent extreme weather. Fortifying our network
helps ensure continuity for the millions of people who depend on
our connectivity services every day.
In collaboration with the U.S. Department of Energy’s Argonne
National Laboratory (Argonne), we developed AT&T’s Climate Change
Analysis Tool (CCAT), which helps visualize wind, drought, wildfire and
flooding at the neighborhood level – up to 30 years in the future.
With CCAT, we can take climate change into account as we plan for
network buildouts, maintenance and disaster preparedness. We also
collaborated with Argonne and the Federal Emergency Management
Authority to share our climate expertise more widely through the
launch of ClimRR, a climate risk and resilience portal that offers CCAT
data for community preparedness initiatives across the U.S. (page 15).
In 2022, we continued to enhance our climate risk management
by engaging an external vendor to conduct a scenario analysis,
building on our existing climate impact assessment work. Relevant
insights will be incorporated into AT&T sustainability governance, risk
management, and financial and strategic planning processes.
READ MORE
• Climate Change & • Network Quality &
Greenhouse Gas Reliability Issue Brief
Emissions Issue Brief
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

S ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
PRIVACY AND NETWORK SECURITY
Everyone deserves a safe, secure online experience,
and AT&T is committed to protecting the privacy
and security of all our customers. Our products and
services are designed with privacy in mind, and we give
customers controls over how their information is shared.
We also invest in customer solutions and trainings to help
customers protect themselves from fraud.
A safe customer experience depends on a secure network.
Our experts are always looking for emerging challenges,
and we regularly evaluate and deploy new tools and
systems that deliver highly effective safeguards against
attempted cyberattacks.
OUR PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
TRANSPARENCY SECURITY
We’re open and honest about We use strong safeguards
to keep your data confidential
how we use your data.
and secure.
CHOICE AND CONTROL INTEGRITY
We give you choices about We do what we say.
how we use your data.
READ MORE
• Privacy Issue Brief • Network & Data
Security Issue Brief

[Table 1 — Page 9]
Network Quality & Reliability |
----------------------------------------
Increasing climate resilience Our approach to climate risk recognizes that we must not only transition to a low-carbon economy (page 24), but importantly, address the physical impacts of climate change. Building climate resilience means understanding the threats we face from climate change and taking steps to prepare our infrastructure to withstand more frequent extreme weather. Fortifying our network helps ensure continuity for the millions of people who depend on our connectivity services every day. In collaboration with the U.S. Department of Energy’s Argonne National Laboratory (Argonne), we developed AT&T’s Climate Change Analysis Tool (CCAT), which helps visualize wind, drought, wildfire and flooding at the neighborhood level – up to 30 years in the future. With CCAT, we can take climate change into account as we plan for network buildouts, maintenance and disaster preparedness. We also collaborated with Argonne and the Federal Emergency Management Authority to share our climate expertise more widely through the launch of ClimRR, a climate risk and resilience portal that offers CCAT data for community preparedness initiatives across the U.S. (page 15). In 2022, we continued to enhance our climate risk management by engaging an external vendor to conduct a scenario analysis, building on our existing climate impact assessment work. Relevant insights will be incorporated into AT&T sustainability governance, risk management, and financial and strategic planning processes. READ MORE • Climate Change & • Network Quality & Greenhouse Gas Reliability Issue Brief Emissions Issue Brief |

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES
Communities
The internet is increasingly vital to our
everyday lives, whether it be learning in and
outside the classroom, accessing healthcare,
finding jobs, or socializing and staying close
to family. But many people can’t reliably
access the internet, as millions of Americans
still don't have broadband internet access
at home. Others also miss out because they
don’t have the skills necessary to take full
advantage of its potential. Through our
ongoing investment to help close this digital
divide, we’re helping more people get online
and connected to greater possibilities.
AT&T CONNECTED
LEARNING CENTERS 20
(AT YEAR-END 2022)
Digital Divide
FIRSTNET 4.4
~ M Page 10
CONNECTIONS
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Community Resilience
 Page 14 

[Table 1 — Page 10]
Digital Divide Page 10  | Community Resilience Page 14 
----------------------------------------

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Digital Divide
We’ve committed $2 billion to helping close the digital divide by
focusing not only on access to affordable high-speed internet, but
also the skills and community resources that encourage safe and
successful adoption.
ACCESS
We’re keeping customers and communities connected through
investing in our network (page 7) and working with state and local
officials to extend our broadband networks.
We’re also providing access to AT&T Fiber, Wi-Fi, and computers at
AT&T Connected Learning Centers in underserved neighborhoods
(page 11).
AFFORDABILITY
AT&T is participating in the FCC’s Affordable Connectivity
Program (ACP)12 to help make wired and wireless services more
affordable for millions of American households.
By combining the federal ACP benefit with one of the
Access from AT&T plans, eligible households can take advantage
of free high-speed internet.
ADOPTION
Having a broadband connection and digital resources isn’t enough.
The AT&T Connected Learning initiative equips people and
communities with digital literacy skills so they can thrive online
(page 13). It also helps communities understand and appreciate the
value of their connectivity.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

S ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
CONNECTING TOWNS ACROSS AMERICA
Nearly 1 in 4 rural Americans say that broadband
internet access is a major problem in their communities.11
Throughout 2022, AT&T continued to partner with state
and local authorities in smaller towns and cities to address
this issue. These efforts contribute to our target to pass
more than 30 million fiber locations, including business
locations, in the United States by the end of 2025.
We began work on a $24 million collaboration between
AT&T and the city of Amarillo, Texas to bring reliable,
high-speed internet to more than 22,000 residential and
business locations in the city. One of the areas that will
benefit directly is East Amarillo’s Barrio neighborhood, which
has been the focus of a revitalization plan since 2018.
In Kentucky, Oldham County selected AT&T to build a
state-of-the-art fiber network that will connect every home
and small business in the county. In neighboring Indiana,
we’ve been working with the City of Martinsville, the
City of Boonville and Vanderburgh County on fiber
projects that will bring the benefits of broadband to their
communities.
All these investments help narrow the digital divide so all
Americans have the opportunity to connect to a better future.

[Table 1 — Page 11]
Digital Divide |
----------------------------------------
We’ve committed $2 billion to helping close the digital divide by focusing not only on access to affordable high-speed internet, but also the skills and community resources that encourage safe and successful adoption. ACCESS We’re keeping customers and communities connected through investing in our network (page 7) and working with state and local officials to extend our broadband networks. We’re also providing access to AT&T Fiber, Wi-Fi, and computers at AT&T Connected Learning Centers in underserved neighborhoods (page 11). AFFORDABILITY AT&T is participating in the FCC’s Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP)12 to help make wired and wireless services more affordable for millions of American households. By combining the federal ACP benefit with one of the Access from AT&T plans, eligible households can take advantage of free high-speed internet. ADOPTION Having a broadband connection and digital resources isn’t enough. The AT&T Connected Learning initiative equips people and communities with digital literacy skills so they can thrive online (page 13). It also helps communities understand and appreciate the value of their connectivity. |

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS
Digital Divide
Expanding access to low-cost broadband
Established in 2016, Access from AT&T makes low-cost internet
service available for qualifying low-income households. In 2022,
we expanded the program’s eligibility to all households that qualify
for ACP and apply the federal benefit to AT&T internet service. We
also updated the program to include speeds up to 100 Mbps where
available. We work with grassroots organizations to ensure
low-income people and families are aware and can take
advantage of the offer.
$2
B
our 3-year commitment
to address the digital divide
20 50+
Connected Learning Centers Connected Learning Centers
opened by end of 2022 to be opened by end of 2024
READ MORE
• Digital Divide • Access from
Issue Brief AT&T website
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
AT&T Connected Learning
Through AT&T Connected Learning(SM), we’re investing in technology,
digital literacy and digital learning solutions to help connect
today’s learners with success. We’re guided by our target to reach
1 million people in need with digital resources by year-end 2025, and
had reached more than 290,000 by the end of 2022.
PROGRESS: PROVIDE 1 MILLION PEOPLE IN NEED WITH DIGITAL RESOURCES BY YEAR-END 2025
290,000 people reached
0 1,000,000
We’ve established AT&T Connected Learning Centers in underserved
neighborhoods across the country, working with local community
organizations to provide students and families free access to We’re also providing technology and equipment directly to
high-speed fiber internet, Wi-Fi and Dell computing devices. low-income learners who need it most. We partnered with
AT&T employees also serve as tutors and mentors at these centers nonprofit device refurbishers such as Digitunity, Compudopt
through our AT&T Believes(SM) volunteerism initiative (page 21). and Human-I-T to get more than 40,000 computers into the
hands of students and families nationwide.
In 2022, we opened centers in cities including:
• Atlanta • Detroit • Tupelo, Mississippi
More than
• Augusta, Georgia • Houston • Raleigh,
40,000 40,610
• Chicago • Los Angeles North Carolina
• Cleveland • San Francisco
computers distributed Wi-Fi hotspots distributed
to those in need through to underserved students
We reached our target to open at least 20 AT&T Connected Learning
nonprofit device in 2022
Centers by 2023 and have increased our ambition to establish more
refurbishment organizations
than 50 centers by the end of 2024.
PROGRESS: OPEN MORE THAN 50 CONNECTED LEARNING CENTERS BY YEAR-END 2024
READ MORE
20 centers opened
0 50 centers • Digital Divide Issue Brief

[Table 1 — Page 12]
Digital Divide |
----------------------------------------
Expanding access to low-cost broadband AT&T Connected Learning Established in 2016, Access from AT&T makes low-cost internet Through AT&T Connected Learning(SM), we’re investing in technology, service available for qualifying low-income households. In 2022, digital literacy and digital learning solutions to help connect we expanded the program’s eligibility to all households that qualify today’s learners with success. We’re guided by our target to reach for ACP and apply the federal benefit to AT&T internet service. We 1 million people in need with digital resources by year-end 2025, and also updated the program to include speeds up to 100 Mbps where had reached more than 290,000 by the end of 2022. available. We work with grassroots organizations to ensure PROGRESS: PROVIDE 1 MILLION PEOPLE IN NEED WITH DIGITAL RESOURCES BY YEAR-END 2025 low-income people and families are aware and can take 290,000 people reached advantage of the offer. 0 1,000,000 We’ve established AT&T Connected Learning Centers in underserved neighborhoods across the country, working with local community $2 B organizations to provide students and families free access to high-speed fiber internet, Wi-Fi and Dell computing devices. our 3-year commitment AT&T employees also serve as tutors and mentors at these centers to address the digital divide through our AT&T Believes(SM) volunteerism initiative (page 21). In 2022, we opened centers in cities including: • Atlanta • Detroit • Tupelo, Mississippi 20 50+ • Augusta, Georgia • Houston • Raleigh, • Chicago • Los Angeles North Carolina Connected Learning Centers Connected Learning Centers • Cleveland • San Francisco opened by end of 2022 to be opened by end of 2024 We reached our target to open at least 20 AT&T Connected Learning Centers by 2023 and have increased our ambition to establish more than 50 centers by the end of 2024. READ MORE PROGRESS: OPEN MORE THAN 50 CONNECTED LEARNING CENTERS BY YEAR-END 2024 • Digital Divide • Access from 20 centers opened Issue Brief AT&T website 0 50 centers |
| We’re also providing technology and equipment directly to low-income learners who need it most. We partnered with nonprofit device refurbishers such as Digitunity, Compudopt and Human-I-T to get more than 40,000 computers into the hands of students and families nationwide. More than 40,000 40,610 computers distributed Wi-Fi hotspots distributed to those in need through to underserved students nonprofit device in 2022 refurbishment organizations READ MORE • Digital Divide Issue Brief

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES
Digital Divide
“ There are a lot of
people like me,
who are struggling,
and the AT&T
Connected
Learning Center
at Esperanza
brings us hope.”
Ivy Fontanez, Esperanza client
Read more about Ivy’s experience at Esperanza.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Connectivity for all ages in Cleveland
Cleveland resident Ivy Fontanez came to the AT&T Connected
Learning Center at Esperanza after her kids left home and she
had no idea what to do next. The Esperanza center offered her
free access to high-speed broadband, Wi-Fi and computers, as
well as educational and mentoring resources. Despite thinking
it was too late at age 42 to learn digital skills, Ivy got online at
Esperanza and has started taking college classes.
On the other side of Cleveland, the AT&T Connected Learning
Center within the Ashbury Senior Computer Community Center
hosted a block party in 2022 that brought together more than
a hundred neighbors. At the event, attendees learned about
how they can access low-cost internet through Access from
AT&T and many parents with school-age children took home
refurbished laptops.
Our 2 Cleveland AT&T Connected Learning Centers – and the
growing number of others across the country – demonstrate
one way AT&T is committing to closing the digital divide, from
school kids to retirees and everyone in between.
READ MORE
• Digital Divide • AT&T Connected
Issue Brief Learning website

[Table 1 — Page 13]
Digital Divide
----------------------------------------
“ There are a lot of Connectivity for all ages in Cleveland Cleveland resident Ivy Fontanez came to the AT&T Connected people like me, Learning Center at Esperanza after her kids left home and she had no idea what to do next. The Esperanza center offered her free access to high-speed broadband, Wi-Fi and computers, as who are struggling, well as educational and mentoring resources. Despite thinking it was too late at age 42 to learn digital skills, Ivy got online at Esperanza and has started taking college classes. and the AT&T On the other side of Cleveland, the AT&T Connected Learning Center within the Ashbury Senior Computer Community Center Connected hosted a block party in 2022 that brought together more than a hundred neighbors. At the event, attendees learned about how they can access low-cost internet through Access from Learning Center AT&T and many parents with school-age children took home refurbished laptops. at Esperanza Our 2 Cleveland AT&T Connected Learning Centers – and the growing number of others across the country – demonstrate one way AT&T is committing to closing the digital divide, from brings us hope.” school kids to retirees and everyone in between. READ MORE Ivy Fontanez, Esperanza client • Digital Divide • AT&T Connected Read more about Ivy’s experience at Esperanza. Issue Brief Learning website

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Digital Divide
Digital literacy and digital learning
Even with access to affordable internet, many lack the skills, tools and
resources to navigate the web safely and effectively. Through
AT&T Connected Learning, we provide free digital literacy and learning
resources for parents, caregivers and families. In 2022, we made hundreds
of educational videos, lessons and learning activities available to
students through The Achievery, a free and safe online distance learning
platform offering educational content and lesson plans aligned with
academic standards.
We also collaborated with organizations including All4Ed, National After
School Association, Connected Nation, Digitunity and others – to help
bring The Achievery to students in and out of school. In 2022, more than
78,000 students participated in learning with The Achievery.
78,000+ students
participated in learning activities through The Achievery
Our impact is amplified when we equip community members with the
tools and expertise necessary to act as digital navigators - facilitators that
help others in their community develop digital skills necessary to leverage
their internet access. In 2022, we invested $2.5 million to launch our digital
navigator program and community-based IT helpdesk that will provide
training to community members in navigator roles. Deploying digital
navigators within local communities has been proven to drive adoption
across underrepresented communities because residents feel more
comfortable and safer receiving help through local organizations.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

S ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
COLLABORATING FOR IMPACT
Through our collaboration with the Public Library
Association (PLA), we worked to bring bilingual,
in-person digital literacy workshops to 160 libraries
in 2022.
To help us gauge the effectiveness of our workshops, we
collaborated with the PLA to survey participants about
their experience. As indicated by the results below, the vast
majority felt more confident and knowledgeable about
digital resources as a result of their participation in a library
workshop and intend to apply what they’ve learned.
88%
feel more confident
using digital resources
90%
feel more knowledgeable
about using digital resources
91%
intend to apply
what they’ve learned

[Table 1 — Page 14]
Digital Divide
----------------------------------------
Digital literacy and digital learning Even with access to affordable internet, many lack the skills, tools and resources to navigate the web safely and effectively. Through AT&T Connected Learning, we provide free digital literacy and learning resources for parents, caregivers and families. In 2022, we made hundreds of educational videos, lessons and learning activities available to students through The Achievery, a free and safe online distance learning platform offering educational content and lesson plans aligned with academic standards. We also collaborated with organizations including All4Ed, National After School Association, Connected Nation, Digitunity and others – to help bring The Achievery to students in and out of school. In 2022, more than 78,000 students participated in learning with The Achievery. 78,000+ students participated in learning activities through The Achievery Our impact is amplified when we equip community members with the tools and expertise necessary to act as digital navigators - facilitators that help others in their community develop digital skills necessary to leverage their internet access. In 2022, we invested $2.5 million to launch our digital navigator program and community-based IT helpdesk that will provide training to community members in navigator roles. Deploying digital navigators within local communities has been proven to drive adoption across underrepresented communities because residents feel more comfortable and safer receiving help through local organizations.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
CCoommmmuunniittiye sResilience
When disaster and tragedy strike, it’s crucial that people are able Connecting first responders
to connect with loved ones and access what they need to get back
through FirstNet®
on their feet.
Recognizing the important role we play as a connectivity provider, When first responders get the call, a reliable network is essential to
we’ve set a target to help 1 million people prepare for and recover coordinate their response. To address this critical need, the
from the impacts of disasters by year-end 2030. This commitment First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet Authority) partnered
focuses on essential support for communities and public safety with AT&T to deliver FirstNet, Built with AT&T – the only network built
through strategic partnerships beyond our normal emergency specifically for America’s first responders and extended public safety
response and network disaster recovery operations. For example, community. FirstNet stands above commercial offerings by providing
we have partnered with Information Technology Disaster Resource first responders with truly dedicated coverage and capacity when
Center, a volunteer organization that provides connectivity and they need it, unique benefits like always-on priority and preemption
charging solutions to support survivors in times of crisis. and innovative mission-ready solutions. Throughout 2022, FirstNet
played an important role in supporting community safety, including
Since establishing the target in 2021, we have helped more than
during and after the Colorado and Yosemite fires, flooding in
500,000 individuals prepare for and recover from natural disasters.
Kentucky, and Hurricane Ian.
PROGRESS: HELP 1 MILLION PEOPLE PREPARE FOR AND RECOVER
Recognizing that disasters have contributed to a mental health crisis
FROM NATURAL DISASTERS BY YEAR-END 2030
among our nation’s first responder community, we established the
500,000 individuals helped
FirstNet Health & Wellness Coalition to coordinate holistic health
0 1,000,000
and wellness support. Through the Coalition, we provided health and
wellness training to nearly 12,000 first responders.
99%
>
READ MORE
• Community Engagement • FirstNet website U.S. population covered by
& Philanthropy Issue Brief AT&T and FirstNet networks
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
OUR RESPONSE TO HURRICANE IAN
Hurricane Ian struck Florida in September 2022, bringing
record flooding and significant devastation to Gulf Coast
communities. Prior to landfall, the AT&T Weather Operations
Center (page 7) tracked Ian’s approach to help us set up
resources in strategic locations to expedite our response. As
the storm passed, the FirstNet Response Operations Group
at AT&T responded to more than 110 public safety requests
with first responders and deployed more than 85 full-scale
communications solutions to support response efforts.
In the aftermath, we opened our networks so people from all
carriers could connect with loved ones – even if their carriers’
services were not available because of the storm. To ease
financial pressures as communities recovered and rebuilt, we
waived various service charges and fees for affected residents
and businesses.
AT&T and the AT&T Foundation provided further support by
donating $400,000 to local organizations for recovery efforts
(page 22).

[Table 1 — Page 15]
CCoommmmuunniittiye sResilience
----------------------------------------
When disaster and tragedy strike, it’s crucial that people are able Connecting first responders to connect with loved ones and access what they need to get back through FirstNet® on their feet. Recognizing the important role we play as a connectivity provider, When first responders get the call, a reliable network is essential to we’ve set a target to help 1 million people prepare for and recover coordinate their response. To address this critical need, the from the impacts of disasters by year-end 2030. This commitment First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet Authority) partnered focuses on essential support for communities and public safety with AT&T to deliver FirstNet, Built with AT&T – the only network built through strategic partnerships beyond our normal emergency specifically for America’s first responders and extended public safety response and network disaster recovery operations. For example, community. FirstNet stands above commercial offerings by providing we have partnered with Information Technology Disaster Resource first responders with truly dedicated coverage and capacity when Center, a volunteer organization that provides connectivity and they need it, unique benefits like always-on priority and preemption charging solutions to support survivors in times of crisis. and innovative mission-ready solutions. Throughout 2022, FirstNet played an important role in supporting community safety, including Since establishing the target in 2021, we have helped more than during and after the Colorado and Yosemite fires, flooding in 500,000 individuals prepare for and recover from natural disasters. Kentucky, and Hurricane Ian. PROGRESS: HELP 1 MILLION PEOPLE PREPARE FOR AND RECOVER Recognizing that disasters have contributed to a mental health crisis FROM NATURAL DISASTERS BY YEAR-END 2030 among our nation’s first responder community, we established the 500,000 individuals helped FirstNet Health & Wellness Coalition to coordinate holistic health 0 1,000,000 and wellness support. Through the Coalition, we provided health and wellness training to nearly 12,000 first responders. 99% > READ MORE • Community Engagement • FirstNet website U.S. population covered by & Philanthropy Issue Brief AT&T and FirstNet networks

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Community Resilience
“ Our resilience is interconnected with
that of our communities – that's why
we're helping others prepare
for the impact of severe weather
in the years to come.”
Charlene Lake
AT&T Chief Sustainability Officer & SVP Corporate Social Responsibility
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Helping communities adapt
to climate change
1 in 3 Americans say they have been personally affected by an
extreme weather event in the past 2 years. As these events
become more frequent and intense, community leaders need to
understand how they can better protect critical infrastructure
and vulnerable populations.
We’re helping communities enhance their resilience through
the launch of a climate data platform called the Climate Risk
and Resilience Portal (ClimRR) – developed in partnership
with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and
Argonne National Labs.
ClimRR gives local and state leaders free access to localized
climate data about potential future climate-related risks and
how their community could be affected. Similar to how AT&T
uses climate data to inform its own investment decisions
(page 8), ClimRR can inform where and how communities
can make their own infrastructure more resilient. It can also
support community preparation initiatives through an enhanced
understanding of how climate hazards may evolve into
the future.
READ MORE
• Climate Change & • ClimRR on
Greenhouse Gas AT&T website
Emissions Issue Brief

[Table 1 — Page 16]
Community Resilience
----------------------------------------
“ Our resilience is interconnected with Helping communities adapt to climate change that of our communities – that's why 1 in 3 Americans say they have been personally affected by an extreme weather event in the past 2 years. As these events become more frequent and intense, community leaders need to we're helping others prepare understand how they can better protect critical infrastructure and vulnerable populations. for the impact of severe weather We’re helping communities enhance their resilience through the launch of a climate data platform called the Climate Risk and Resilience Portal (ClimRR) – developed in partnership in the years to come.” with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and Argonne National Labs. ClimRR gives local and state leaders free access to localized climate data about potential future climate-related risks and how their community could be affected. Similar to how AT&T uses climate data to inform its own investment decisions (page 8), ClimRR can inform where and how communities can make their own infrastructure more resilient. It can also support community preparation initiatives through an enhanced understanding of how climate hazards may evolve into the future. READ MORE • Climate Change & • ClimRR on Charlene Lake Greenhouse Gas AT&T website AT&T Chief Sustainability Officer & SVP Corporate Social Responsibility Emissions Issue Brief

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Employees
Across all 50 U.S. states and in more than
55 countries, AT&T employees deliver
technology and telecommunications services
to millions of consumers and businesses
every day. We strive to be an employer of
choice and invest in our people through
well-paying jobs, competitive benefits and
skills development programs that open
advancement opportunities.
We aim to ensure a workforce that is
representative of the communities where
we live and work. Our approach seeks
to establish diversity at all levels and
instill a sense of belonging across our
entire workforce.
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 82%
SCORE
TOTAL HOURS OF 8
M
EMPLOYEE TRAINING17
Employee Engagement Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Training & Career Development Community Engagement
OPEN POSITIONS FILLED
BY WOMEN AND/OR PEOPLE 75%
Page 17  Page 18  Page 20  Page 21 
OF COLOR CANDIDATES1
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY 16

[Table 1 — Page 17]
Employee Engagement Page 17  | Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Page 18  | Training & Career Development Page 20  | Community Engagement Page 21 
----------------------------------------

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Employee Engagement
Engaged employees are essential to bringing our company’s
purpose to life. We are committed to helping employees to feel
connected to and fulfilled by their work.
The annual AT&T Employee Survey is a key input to our employee
listening program. Through this survey, we obtain feedback on
employee sentiment and gain actionable insights on how to
enhance the employee experience at AT&T.
The 2022 AT&T Employee Survey recorded a strong employee
engagement score of 82%.13 The feedback behind this score
demonstrates that employees are proud to be associated with
AT&T and feel a sense of personal accomplishment from their
work, among other factors.
Engagement scores and other AT&T Employee Survey results are
shared throughout the organization, and leaders take responsibility
for targeted initiatives based on feedback from their teams.
For example, as part of our ongoing cultural transformation initiative,
we’ve been amplifying our most effective corporate behaviors and
empowering employees to simplify or discontinue business practices
that no longer aid in the success of our company.
READ MORE
• Human Capital • AT&T Careers website
Management Issue Brief
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

163 82%
~ K
employees7 across employee engagement
score in 2022
states and 40
55+ 2020 2021 2022
countries
CONNECTING OUR PEOPLE TO WHAT MATTERS
Employees who participate in community engagement
programs are significantly more likely to stay with the
business, recommend AT&T as a place to work, and generally
feel better about working for the company.
Recognizing the importance of connecting our people to our
social and environmental efforts, we’re working to increase
employee awareness of our commitments to address the
digital divide and climate change.
AT&T employees are volunteering to bridge the digital
divide in their local communities (page 21), stepping up as
Environmental Champions (page 22), and innovating to help
our business customers reduce their emissions (page 26).
%77
%48 %28
S ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
year-over-year
employee engagement

[Table 1 — Page 18]
Employee Engagement
----------------------------------------
Engaged employees are essential to bringing our company’s purpose to life. We are committed to helping employees to feel connected to and fulfilled by their work. The annual AT&T Employee Survey is a key input to our employee listening program. Through this survey, we obtain feedback on employee sentiment and gain actionable insights on how to enhance the employee experience at AT&T. The 2022 AT&T Employee Survey recorded a strong employee engagement score of 82%.13 The feedback behind this score demonstrates that employees are proud to be associated with AT&T and feel a sense of personal accomplishment from their work, among other factors. Engagement scores and other AT&T Employee Survey results are shared throughout the organization, and leaders take responsibility for targeted initiatives based on feedback from their teams. For example, as part of our ongoing cultural transformation initiative, we’ve been amplifying our most effective corporate behaviors and empowering employees to simplify or discontinue business practices that no longer aid in the success of our company. READ MORE • Human Capital • AT&T Careers website Management Issue Brief

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I)
By building a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce, we help
strengthen and empower the many communities in which we live,
work and play. Our approach to DE&I puts our employees and their
experiences at the heart of our inclusive culture, valuing and celebrating
the diversity of their backgrounds, perspectives and abilities.
We prioritize recruiting and hiring talented people who reflect the world
in which we live, with heightened focus on growing our senior leadership
pipeline of diverse talent. We also continue to focus on ensuring diversity in
promotions and professional development (see page 20 for more on how
we integrate DE&I into our training efforts).
Employee Group members are our organization’s cultural lifeblood
and at the forefront of our efforts to advance DE&I. In 2022, more than
40,800 employees participated in networking, volunteering and fundraising
opportunities sponsored by Employee Groups. In addition, our Employee
Groups awarded more than 300 scholarships totaling more than $565,000.
We’re proud to be recognized by top DE&I organizations for our support
of diverse communities in 2022.
Bloomberg Gender DiversityInc Top 50 Best Places to Work for Best Place to Work for
Equality Index Companies for Diversity LGBTQ+ Equality Disability Inclusion
READ MORE
• Diversity, Equity & • AT&T Diversity, Equity &
Inclusion Issue Brief Inclusion website
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
EMPLOYEE DEMOGRAPHICS
(END OF YEAR 2022)14
37% 49%
women in senior people of color
management15 in U.S. workforce
6.7 11.4
> K > K
individuals with disability veterans
in U.S. workforce16 in U.S. workforce16
2.7
> K
individuals identify as
LGBTQ+ in U.S. workforce16
HIRING AND ADVANCING AT AT&T
(2022 REPORTING PERIOD)
37% 65%
of new hires of new hires were
were women people of color
75% 69%
of open positions were of internal promotions were
filled by women and/or filled by women and/or
people of color candidates1 people of color candidates1

[Table 1 — Page 19]
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) |
----------------------------------------
By building a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce, we help strengthen and empower the many communities in which we live, work and play. Our approach to DE&I puts our employees and their experiences at the heart of our inclusive culture, valuing and celebrating the diversity of their backgrounds, perspectives and abilities. We prioritize recruiting and hiring talented people who reflect the world in which we live, with heightened focus on growing our senior leadership pipeline of diverse talent. We also continue to focus on ensuring diversity in promotions and professional development (see page 20 for more on how we integrate DE&I into our training efforts). Employee Group members are our organization’s cultural lifeblood and at the forefront of our efforts to advance DE&I. In 2022, more than 40,800 employees participated in networking, volunteering and fundraising opportunities sponsored by Employee Groups. In addition, our Employee Groups awarded more than 300 scholarships totaling more than $565,000. We’re proud to be recognized by top DE&I organizations for our support of diverse communities in 2022. Bloomberg Gender DiversityInc Top 50 Best Places to Work for Best Place to Work for Equality Index Companies for Diversity LGBTQ+ Equality Disability Inclusion READ MORE • Diversity, Equity & • AT&T Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Issue Brief Inclusion website |

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I)
Equality First
In 2021, we began our Equality First movement with the launch of the In 2022, we expanded the Equality First offering to introduce a
Equality First mobile app, giving employees access to an immersive desktop experience focused on building inclusive leadership practices.
hub of content and hands-on tools. The content within the app This imperative provides people leaders the tools needed to make
continues to grow, including personal storytelling from employees small, incremental changes to their behaviors that add up to big
across the broad spectrum of diversity at AT&T, as well as major film cultural changes over time. The platform offers bite-sized learning
festival shorts that bring stories from the communities we serve to on our key DE&I pillars that can be integrated into daily operations
employees. We provide this content at no cost to our employees, all and provides a safe, private forum for discussing the content,
while investing back in the filmmakers who create it to continue their asking questions, and sharing challenges. With this experience, our
art and connect with greater possibilities. people leaders:
• Improve trust-building know-how, built on a foundation
of psychological safety.
• Learn how to communicate to inspire broader audiences.
• Sharpen their ability to recognize and counteract how bias impacts
their teams’ work and relationships.
• Upskill in assessing team members' contributions through the
lenses of inclusion and equity.
• Gain expertise to more consciously and comfortably build
diverse teams.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
PEOPLE, PURPOSE AND POSSIBILITY
The annual AT&T Employee Group conference is one
of the most anticipated employee events of the year.
Under the banner of People, Purpose and Possibility,
the 2022 conference brought together 1,000 employees
in five locations across the U.S. and Mexico, and another
15,000 online attendees from 21 different countries.
Employees said that the conference showcased how
AT&T is truly living diversity and inclusion, and more
than 90% of attendees said they would recommend the
conference to a colleague.
When surveyed about the AT&T Employee Group conference,
our people said:
“Ilovedtheenergy,itreallyhelpedtokeepmeengaged
andI wouldattendthiseventagain.”
“Greatevent,itreallyprovidedabigpictureofthelevel
ofdiversityatAT&T.”
READ MORE
• Diversity, Equity & • AT&T Diversity, Equity &
Inclusion Issue Brief Inclusion website

[Table 1 — Page 20]
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I)
----------------------------------------
Equality First In 2021, we began our Equality First movement with the launch of the In 2022, we expanded the Equality First offering to introduce a Equality First mobile app, giving employees access to an immersive desktop experience focused on building inclusive leadership practices. hub of content and hands-on tools. The content within the app This imperative provides people leaders the tools needed to make continues to grow, including personal storytelling from employees small, incremental changes to their behaviors that add up to big across the broad spectrum of diversity at AT&T, as well as major film cultural changes over time. The platform offers bite-sized learning festival shorts that bring stories from the communities we serve to on our key DE&I pillars that can be integrated into daily operations employees. We provide this content at no cost to our employees, all and provides a safe, private forum for discussing the content, while investing back in the filmmakers who create it to continue their asking questions, and sharing challenges. With this experience, our art and connect with greater possibilities. people leaders: • Improve trust-building know-how, built on a foundation of psychological safety. • Learn how to communicate to inspire broader audiences. • Sharpen their ability to recognize and counteract how bias impacts their teams’ work and relationships. • Upskill in assessing team members' contributions through the lenses of inclusion and equity. • Gain expertise to more consciously and comfortably build diverse teams.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
Training & Career Development
When our employees succeed, our company does better. We invest
PROGRAMS FOR ALL CAREER STAGES
in skills development programs for our people throughout their
careers. Through these efforts, we help our employees – and our
Our training and skills development activities are designed to maximize our
business – thrive.
employees’ success in their current roles and support their future aspirations.
In 2022, our employees completed an average of 30 courses per
employee1 through AT&T Learning & Development – our
NEW HIRE We focus on creating a positive onboarding experience for
award-winning internal training organization that engages our
TRAINING all candidates to ensure their job readiness and continued
team with training, mentoring and career development programs.
engagement. In 2022, we delivered 4 million hours of
We also partner with learning institutions such as Harvard Business
new hire training to help incoming employees learn
and LinkedIn Learning to offer leadership and career courses. Key
about the company and their department-specific roles
outcomes of our training and development programs in 2022 include:
and responsibilities.
$135 197
M K ROLE- We help employees develop role-specific skills through
SPECIFIC training optimized to their current position. For example, our
investment in employee employees reached17
SKILLS Real Time Training method helps employees develop
training and professional
role-specific skills by using machine learning to deliver
development programs17
short-form training content to the right employees at the
right time. With Real Time Training, we are able to identify
8 326
who needs training and when, as well as which training
M K
solution is most likely to drive the greatest performance
total hours of hours devoted to upskilling
improvements for the employee’s respective key
employee training17 for future roles17
performance indicators.
$10.5 READ MORE ADVANCED Our advanced learning programs help employees identify the
M
LEARNING most impactful path to grow their skills. In 2022, employees
• H uman Capital
tuition assistance PROGRAMS recorded 2.1 million training hours on advanced learning
Management Issue Brief
for employees1 programs, with 326,000 hours registered toward employee
upskilling for a future role.17
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
DEVELOPING LEADERSHIP SKILLS
In 2022, we reimagined our approach to leadership
development. We focused on developing and enhancing
leadership skills and capabilities that aim to develop leaders
who can play a role in developing others and who can role
model key future capabilities for the rest of the organization.
Participants in programs AT&T Learning & Development
facilitates gain strategic exposure and engagement
opportunities with their peers and other AT&T leaders.
Consistent with our talent strategy to meaningfully improve
leadership diversity at AT&T, AT&T Learning & Development
facilitates several programs targeted at developing diverse
leaders. Examples include:
• Leadership Education for Asian Pacifics
• SMU Rising Latino Leaders Program
• Black Enterprise Black Men Xcel Summit
• Black Enterprise Black Women of Power Summit

[Table 1 — Page 21]
Training & Career Development
----------------------------------------
When our employees succeed, our company does better. We invest PROGRAMS FOR ALL CAREER STAGES in skills development programs for our people throughout their careers. Through these efforts, we help our employees – and our Our training and skills development activities are designed to maximize our business – thrive. employees’ success in their current roles and support their future aspirations. In 2022, our employees completed an average of 30 courses per employee1 through AT&T Learning & Development – our NEW HIRE We focus on creating a positive onboarding experience for award-winning internal training organization that engages our TRAINING all candidates to ensure their job readiness and continued team with training, mentoring and career development programs. engagement. In 2022, we delivered 4 million hours of We also partner with learning institutions such as Harvard Business new hire training to help incoming employees learn and LinkedIn Learning to offer leadership and career courses. Key about the company and their department-specific roles outcomes of our training and development programs in 2022 include: and responsibilities. $135 197 M K ROLE- We help employees develop role-specific skills through SPECIFIC training optimized to their current position. For example, our investment in employee employees reached17 SKILLS Real Time Training method helps employees develop training and professional role-specific skills by using machine learning to deliver development programs17 short-form training content to the right employees at the right time. With Real Time Training, we are able to identify 8 326 who needs training and when, as well as which training M K solution is most likely to drive the greatest performance total hours of hours devoted to upskilling improvements for the employee’s respective key employee training17 for future roles17 performance indicators. $10.5 READ MORE ADVANCED Our advanced learning programs help employees identify the M LEARNING most impactful path to grow their skills. In 2022, employees • H uman Capital tuition assistance PROGRAMS recorded 2.1 million training hours on advanced learning Management Issue Brief for employees1 programs, with 326,000 hours registered toward employee upskilling for a future role.17

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Community Engagement
Through their jobs and beyond, our employees connect people to
greater possibility every day.
Our people are dedicated to amplifying their positive impact
through a range of community engagement initiatives. Throughout
the year, AT&T employees contribute their time and resources
to organizations and causes including bridging the digital divide,
disaster relief, and environmental stewardship. Recognizing the
importance of community engagement to our team, we established
a target to engage 50% of employees in grassroots volunteering
and charitable giving initiatives by year-end 2030. At the end of 2022,
we had engaged 31% of employees and continue to progress toward
our target.18
PROGRESS: ENGAGE 50% OF EMPLOYEES IN VOLUNTEERISM AND GIVING BY YEAR-END 2030
31% engagement
0% 50%
READ MORE
• Community Engagement • AT&T Believes website
& Philanthropy Issue Brief
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

S ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
AT&T BELIEVES AND THE DIGITAL DIVIDE
Through AT&T Believes(SM), our global employee
volunteer program, our people participate in grassroots
efforts to create positive change in local communities.
Addressing the digital divide was a major focus for
AT&T Believes in 2022. Throughout the year,
U.S. employees volunteered to support underserved
learners at AT&T Connected Learning Centers both
virtually and in-person (see page 11 for more on AT&T
Connected Learning Centers). Our employees helped
students reach their full potential by serving as tutors
and mentors, teaching digital literacy workshops, and
participating in computer distribution events.
Helping close the digital divide was the focus of a
company-wide employee engagement campaign,
Bridge to Possibility: Closing the digital divide,
together. During the campaign, AT&T employee
volunteers beautified five Connected Learning Centers
and our Employee Groups (see page 18) assembled
10,000 connected learning kits for distribution to 18 local
communities. The kits provide tools to support students
in completing their schoolwork online.

[Table 1 — Page 22]
Community Engagement |
----------------------------------------
Through their jobs and beyond, our employees connect people to greater possibility every day. Our people are dedicated to amplifying their positive impact through a range of community engagement initiatives. Throughout the year, AT&T employees contribute their time and resources to organizations and causes including bridging the digital divide, disaster relief, and environmental stewardship. Recognizing the importance of community engagement to our team, we established a target to engage 50% of employees in grassroots volunteering and charitable giving initiatives by year-end 2030. At the end of 2022, we had engaged 31% of employees and continue to progress toward our target.18 PROGRESS: ENGAGE 50% OF EMPLOYEES IN VOLUNTEERISM AND GIVING BY YEAR-END 2030 31% engagement 0% 50% READ MORE • Community Engagement • AT&T Believes website & Philanthropy Issue Brief |

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT
Community Engagement
Our Environmental Champions
TOTAL AMOUNT OF CORPORATE AND $89.1
M
AT&T FOUNDATION GIVING20
Our Environmental Champions program engages employees in our
work to protect the environment by equipping them with information
and skills to help them live and work more sustainably. The program
has grown to include more than 1,800 individuals, who incorporate
learnings into their own lives and share information with colleagues
TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED OR $104.8
and friends. Our employees also took part in environmental
M
DIRECTED THROUGH CORPORATE,
stewardship projects including building bee habitats, planting seed
EMPLOYEE AND AT&T FOUNDATION
balls, and cleaning up parks and lakes.
GIVING PROGRAMS
The generosity of our people
TOTAL VALUE OF EMPLOYEE $11.6
M
We encourage our employees to donate to causes they care about VOLUNTEERISM21
through a year-round giving program. In 2022, more than
40,000 AT&T employees generously donated $15.7 million to more
than 17,000 charities.19 AT&T is committed to helping employees
further their philanthropic impact. We offer a program that matches
employee charitable contributions to 501(c)(3) nonprofits and allows
PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES 31%
employees to earn Volunteer Rewards – grants based on time
WORLDWIDE ENGAGED IN
volunteering in the community that can be directed to the
COMMUNITIES THROUGH GRASSROOTS
501(c)(3) charity of their choice. In 2022, more than
VOLUNTEERISM AND GIVING
45,000 employees earned Matching and Volunteer Rewards.
INITIATIVES
Our people also supported special fundraisers throughout the year.
Employees donated more than $250,000 to support the citizens
of Ukraine, the communities of Uvalde and Buffalo, survivors of
READ MORE
Hurricanes Fiona and Ian, and more (see page 14 for additional
information on our community resilience efforts). • Community Engagement & Philanthropy Issue Brief
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS

[Table 1 — Page 23]
Community Engagement
----------------------------------------
Our Environmental Champions TOTAL AMOUNT OF CORPORATE AND $89.1 M AT&T FOUNDATION GIVING20 Our Environmental Champions program engages employees in our work to protect the environment by equipping them with information and skills to help them live and work more sustainably. The program has grown to include more than 1,800 individuals, who incorporate learnings into their own lives and share information with colleagues TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED OR $104.8 and friends. Our employees also took part in environmental M DIRECTED THROUGH CORPORATE, stewardship projects including building bee habitats, planting seed EMPLOYEE AND AT&T FOUNDATION balls, and cleaning up parks and lakes. GIVING PROGRAMS The generosity of our people TOTAL VALUE OF EMPLOYEE $11.6 M We encourage our employees to donate to causes they care about VOLUNTEERISM21 through a year-round giving program. In 2022, more than 40,000 AT&T employees generously donated $15.7 million to more than 17,000 charities.19 AT&T is committed to helping employees further their philanthropic impact. We offer a program that matches employee charitable contributions to 501(c)(3) nonprofits and allows PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES 31% employees to earn Volunteer Rewards – grants based on time WORLDWIDE ENGAGED IN volunteering in the community that can be directed to the COMMUNITIES THROUGH GRASSROOTS 501(c)(3) charity of their choice. In 2022, more than VOLUNTEERISM AND GIVING 45,000 employees earned Matching and Volunteer Rewards. INITIATIVES Our people also supported special fundraisers throughout the year. Employees donated more than $250,000 to support the citizens of Ukraine, the communities of Uvalde and Buffalo, survivors of READ MORE Hurricanes Fiona and Ian, and more (see page 14 for additional information on our community resilience efforts). • Community Engagement & Philanthropy Issue Brief

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES
Environment
As one of the world’s largest companies,
we can play a role in creating a better,
more environmentally sustainable future.
We’re acting to address climate change and
prepare for its impacts because it is good for
our business, for the stakeholders we serve
and for our planet.
We’re on our way to carbon neutrality by the
end of 2035 and are actively working with our
suppliers and customers to help reduce their
environmental impact as well.
ANNUAL ENERGY
PRODUCTION OF
OUR U.S. RENEWABLE 2.9
M MWh
ENERGY PORTFOLIO3
U.S. EPA GREEN POWER 6
th
PARTNER LIST RANKING
CUSTOMER EMISSIONS
REDUCTIONS ATTRIBUTABLE
TO AT&T SMART CLIMATE
SOLUTIONS SINCE 2018 149.2
M
(METRIC TONS CO e)
GROSS ANNUALIZED Carbon Neutrality
COST SAVINGS SINCE
2015 FROM ENERGY $663
M Page 24
EFFICIENCY PROJECTS
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Gigaton Goal Waste Management
 Page 26  Page 27 

[Table 1 — Page 24]
Carbon Neutrality Page 24  | Gigaton Goal Page 26  | Waste Management Page 27 
----------------------------------------

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYE
Carbon Neutrality
Climate change is one of the world’s most pressing challenges.
Our connectivity can be part of the solution.
Guided by our Climate Strategy and Transition Plan, we’re acting
to address climate change and prepare for its impacts. We have
set a goal to be carbon neutral, targeting net zero Scope 1 and 2
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions2 for our operations by the end of
2035, guided by a science-based target (SBT) aligned with keeping
global temperature increases to below 1.5 degrees Celsius.
We continue to progress toward our carbon neutral and SBT
ambitions, having reduced emissions by more than 41% at the end
of 2022 (2015 baseline).3
Looking beyond AT&T’s operations, we’ve achieved our objective for
at least 50% of our suppliers22 to set their own science-based targets
(page 29). We’ve also committed to supporting a gigaton of customer
emissions reductions through our Gigaton Goal (page 26).
PROGRESS: REDUCE SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS 63% BY YEAR-END 20303
45% reduction
0% 63%
PROGRESS: ACHIEVE NET ZERO SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS BY YEAR-END 20353
45% reduction
0% 100%
READ MORE
• Energy Management • Climate Change & Greenhouse
Issue Brief Gas Emissions Issue Brief
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

EES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Enhancing our efficiency
Our greatest opportunity for emissions reductions is to reduce
electricity consumption and accelerate our energy efficiency efforts.
Being smarter with purchased electricity also brings financial savings
– as we drive kilowatts out of the business, we remove both emissions
and energy-related costs.
From 2015 through 2022, we’ve implemented approximately
161,000 energy efficiency projects across the organization. These
projects reduced our Scope 2 emissions and amounted to gross
annualized savings of approximately $663 million.23 We will continue
to act on opportunities to drive down energy consumption in support
of our carbon neutral goal.
161 7 $663
K > M MWh M
energy efficiency of annual gross annualized
projects energy savings cost savings
implemented since 2015 since 2015
since 2015
Reducing fleet emissions
Our carbon neutral goal also includes reducing emissions from our
global fleet. We expect to reduce our fleet emissions – which currently
account for 51% of our Scope 1 emissions – at least 76% by 2035. Our
strategy involves optimizing routes, switching to hybrid and electric
vehicles and reducing the overall size of the fleet.

[Table 1 — Page 25]
Carbon Neutrality | |
----------------------------------------
Climate change is one of the world’s most pressing challenges. Our connectivity can be part of the solution. Guided by our Climate Strategy and Transition Plan, we’re acting to address climate change and prepare for its impacts. We have set a goal to be carbon neutral, targeting net zero Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions2 for our operations by the end of 2035, guided by a science-based target (SBT) aligned with keeping global temperature increases to below 1.5 degrees Celsius. We continue to progress toward our carbon neutral and SBT ambitions, having reduced emissions by more than 41% at the end of 2022 (2015 baseline).3 Looking beyond AT&T’s operations, we’ve achieved our objective for at least 50% of our suppliers22 to set their own science-based targets (page 29). We’ve also committed to supporting a gigaton of customer emissions reductions through our Gigaton Goal (page 26). PROGRESS: REDUCE SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS 63% BY YEAR-END 20303 45% reduction 0% 63% PROGRESS: ACHIEVE NET ZERO SCOPE 1 AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS BY YEAR-END 20353 45% reduction 0% 100% READ MORE • Energy Management • Climate Change & Greenhouse Issue Brief Gas Emissions Issue Brief | | Enhancing our efficiency Our greatest opportunity for emissions reductions is to reduce electricity consumption and accelerate our energy efficiency efforts. Being smarter with purchased electricity also brings financial savings – as we drive kilowatts out of the business, we remove both emissions and energy-related costs. From 2015 through 2022, we’ve implemented approximately 161,000 energy efficiency projects across the organization. These projects reduced our Scope 2 emissions and amounted to gross annualized savings of approximately $663 million.23 We will continue to act on opportunities to drive down energy consumption in support of our carbon neutral goal. 161 7 $663 K > M MWh M energy efficiency of annual gross annualized projects energy savings cost savings implemented since 2015 since 2015 since 2015 Reducing fleet emissions Our carbon neutral goal also includes reducing emissions from our global fleet. We expect to reduce our fleet emissions – which currently account for 51% of our Scope 1 emissions – at least 76% by 2035. Our strategy involves optimizing routes, switching to hybrid and electric vehicles and reducing the overall size of the fleet.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES
Carbon Neutrality
“ We're investing in renewable
energy because it is good
for the planet and
good for our business.”
Joe Taylor
AT&T Vice President of Global Infrastructure Optimization & Implementation
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Supporting clean energy
AT&T is one of the largest corporate buyers of renewable energy
in the U.S.24 Over the past few years, AT&T has transitioned from
generating only a few megawatt-hours of renewable energy to being
#6 on the EPA Green Power Partner List.
Going big on renewable energy also benefits local communities.
AT&T-backed renewable energy projects are creating hundreds of
construction jobs and dozens of permanent jobs in the fast-growing
clean energy sector. In early 2022, we confirmed 2 virtual power
purchase agreements from new solar projects in Maryland and
Pennsylvania – generating up to 300 construction jobs in each state.
We also administered a national request for proposal in 2022 to
procure community solar subscriptions. This resulted in executed
agreements with 38 vetted community solar projects across 4 states
– totaling a maximum capacity of 55 MW – that are projected to save
AT&T $15 million over a 15-year term. These agreements will enable
the production of over 191,000,000 kWh of clean energy per year,
avoiding over 135,000 metric tons of CO emissions.
We remain committed to expanding our clean energy efforts and
expect to continue to grow our renewable energy portfolio. This will
be an integral part of how we meet our emissions reduction goals.
2.9
M MWh
annual energy production of our U.S. renewable energy portfolio

[Table 1 — Page 26]
Carbon Neutrality
----------------------------------------
“ We're investing in renewable Supporting clean energy AT&T is one of the largest corporate buyers of renewable energy energy because it is good in the U.S.24 Over the past few years, AT&T has transitioned from generating only a few megawatt-hours of renewable energy to being #6 on the EPA Green Power Partner List. for the planet and Going big on renewable energy also benefits local communities. AT&T-backed renewable energy projects are creating hundreds of good for our business.” construction jobs and dozens of permanent jobs in the fast-growing clean energy sector. In early 2022, we confirmed 2 virtual power purchase agreements from new solar projects in Maryland and Pennsylvania – generating up to 300 construction jobs in each state. We also administered a national request for proposal in 2022 to procure community solar subscriptions. This resulted in executed agreements with 38 vetted community solar projects across 4 states – totaling a maximum capacity of 55 MW – that are projected to save AT&T $15 million over a 15-year term. These agreements will enable the production of over 191,000,000 kWh of clean energy per year, avoiding over 135,000 metric tons of CO emissions. 2 We remain committed to expanding our clean energy efforts and expect to continue to grow our renewable energy portfolio. This will be an integral part of how we meet our emissions reduction goals. 2.9 Joe Taylor M MWh AT&T Vice President of Global Infrastructure Optimization & Implementation annual energy production of our U.S. renewable energy portfolio

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
Gigaton Goal
We are amplifying our climate efforts by developing innovations Connected Climate Initiative
that help others become more efficient and manage their carbon
footprints. Since 2015, we have been working with business Through the Connected Climate Initiative (CCI), we convene the
customers and nonprofits to drive adoption of AT&T Smart Climate brightest minds from leading technology companies, AT&T Business
Solutions that reduce GHG emissions. customers, universities and nonprofits to identify best practices,
develop new products and scale innovations. The CCI drives our
Recognizing the opportunity for connectivity solutions to support
Gigaton Goal progress through increasing the adoption of Smart
emissions reductions at scale, we established the Gigaton Goal –
Climate Solutions that use AT&T connectivity to reduce emissions.
a commitment to help our customers collectively reduce a gigaton of
GHG emissions by the end of 2035 (2018 baseline). At the end of 2022,
Some of the Smart Climate Solutions that the CCI worked on
we’ve supported 149.2 million metric tons of customer emissions
in 2022 include:
reductions – approximately 15% of the way toward our Gigaton Goal.25
SALESFORCE
Integrating AT&T Internet of Things (IoT) solutions into the
PROGRESS: GIGATON GOAL – SUPPORT 1 BILLION METRIC TONS OF CUSTOMER
GHG EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS BY YEAR-END 2035
Salesforce Net Zero Cloud to make it easier for customers
149,200,000 to monitor assets in near real-time and quickly identify
0 1,000,000,000
emissions reduction opportunities.
GEOTAB
Working with GeoTab to help customers make informed decisions
about how to electrify their fleets.
READ MORE
MICROSOFT AND DELOITTE
• Climate Change & • AT&T Reducing Emissions
Greenhouse Gas website Collaborating with Microsoft and Deloitte to bring the
Emissions Issue Brief Connected Spaces product to market, which helps facility
operators track emissions data with more accuracy.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
DATA MANAGEMENT FOR NET ZERO
Monitoring and reducing an organization’s GHG emissions can
be complex. Our IoT solutions enable customers to monitor
and manage many different types of equipment, including
lighting, heating, cooling and other mechanical equipment to
optimize their use. For example, AT&T developed Equipment
and Machinery Solutions to better track, monitor, control and
optimize heavy machinery and equipment, such as dozers,
forklifts and cranes, and help companies manage their
performance all in a single view.
This IoT solution helps companies collect and survey vital
equipment data, such as engine hours and fuel consumption
of machinery, to calculate emissions within the
Salesforce Net Zero Cloud - enabling businesses to better
track their sustainability goals from the job site to the
boardroom. Net Zero Cloud provides AT&T’s customers with
critical data accessible from virtually any location via a web
portal or mobile app. This AT&T capability is available for any
of our business customers.

[Table 1 — Page 27]
Gigaton Goal
----------------------------------------
We are amplifying our climate efforts by developing innovations Connected Climate Initiative that help others become more efficient and manage their carbon footprints. Since 2015, we have been working with business Through the Connected Climate Initiative (CCI), we convene the customers and nonprofits to drive adoption of AT&T Smart Climate brightest minds from leading technology companies, AT&T Business Solutions that reduce GHG emissions. customers, universities and nonprofits to identify best practices, develop new products and scale innovations. The CCI drives our Recognizing the opportunity for connectivity solutions to support Gigaton Goal progress through increasing the adoption of Smart emissions reductions at scale, we established the Gigaton Goal – Climate Solutions that use AT&T connectivity to reduce emissions. a commitment to help our customers collectively reduce a gigaton of GHG emissions by the end of 2035 (2018 baseline). At the end of 2022, Some of the Smart Climate Solutions that the CCI worked on we’ve supported 149.2 million metric tons of customer emissions in 2022 include: reductions – approximately 15% of the way toward our Gigaton Goal.25 SALESFORCE Integrating AT&T Internet of Things (IoT) solutions into the PROGRESS: GIGATON GOAL – SUPPORT 1 BILLION METRIC TONS OF CUSTOMER GHG EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS BY YEAR-END 2035 Salesforce Net Zero Cloud to make it easier for customers 149,200,000 to monitor assets in near real-time and quickly identify 0 1,000,000,000 emissions reduction opportunities. GEOTAB Working with GeoTab to help customers make informed decisions about how to electrify their fleets. READ MORE MICROSOFT AND DELOITTE • Climate Change & • AT&T Reducing Emissions Greenhouse Gas website Collaborating with Microsoft and Deloitte to bring the Emissions Issue Brief Connected Spaces product to market, which helps facility operators track emissions data with more accuracy.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONM
Waste Management
As the scale of human impact on our planet continues to grow, it’s Progressing toward circularity
become clear that conventional, linear methods of production and
disposal need to be reconsidered. We must move toward a circular All electronic devices should be reused, refurbished or recycled.
economy, which involves embedding sustainability throughout the Reusing devices contributes to a circular economy and helps create
life cycle of a product or service. more affordable product options for consumers.
Many materials that we work with can be reused or repurposed
In 2022, we recovered 14.9 million devices including mobile phones,
instead of being sent to landfill. Together with our waste
internet gateways and television set top boxes.27 Some of these
management partners, we’ve progressed closer toward our target to
devices are refurbished and distributed to students affected by the
reduce the amount of U.S. waste sent to landfill by 30% by
digital divide (page 10). If a device cannot be reused in its entirety, we
year-end 2030 (2019 baseline).
extract individual parts that may be reusable and recycle any
remaining plastics and metals.
At the end of 2022, we reduced the amount of landfill waste by
27.9% from 2019.26
AT&T makes it easy for customers to give a second life to their old
devices, including:
PROGRESS: REDUCE AMOUNT OF U.S. WASTE SEND TO LANDFILL 30% BY YEAR-END 2030
27.9% reduction
• Encouraging customers to return old phones during the upgrade
0% 30%
process or by taking advantage of our trade-in programs.
We worked to reduce our waste footprint in 2022 through:
• Refurbishing or recycling broadband internet devices through
in-home appointments where an AT&T technician will recover
• Improving data accuracy in our supply chain through targeted
used equipment.
training for mobility and fleet vendors.
• Offering options for customers to mail their devices back to
• Contracting with more vendors located closer to our waste
us to recycle.
streams, which increases diversion opportunities and reduces
waste-related emissions.
We’re proud that 0% of materials from take-back programs went
• Continuing to divert fiber-optic cable scrap, which can be shredded to landfill in 2022.28
and milled to serve as components for roofing materials.
These efforts provide a solid foundation for our circular economy
approach, which we expect to expand in 2023.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

MENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
GIVING A SECOND LIFE TO OLD DEVICES
14.9 11%
M
consumer devices reused materials from take-back
or recycled in 202227 programs recycled28
89% 0%
materials from take-back materials from take-back
programs reused or sold28 programs landfilled28
READ MORE
• Product Life Cycle • Waste Management
Issue Brief Issue Brief

[Table 1 — Page 28]
Waste Management
----------------------------------------
As the scale of human impact on our planet continues to grow, it’s Progressing toward circularity become clear that conventional, linear methods of production and disposal need to be reconsidered. We must move toward a circular All electronic devices should be reused, refurbished or recycled. economy, which involves embedding sustainability throughout the Reusing devices contributes to a circular economy and helps create life cycle of a product or service. more affordable product options for consumers. Many materials that we work with can be reused or repurposed In 2022, we recovered 14.9 million devices including mobile phones, instead of being sent to landfill. Together with our waste internet gateways and television set top boxes.27 Some of these management partners, we’ve progressed closer toward our target to devices are refurbished and distributed to students affected by the reduce the amount of U.S. waste sent to landfill by 30% by digital divide (page 10). If a device cannot be reused in its entirety, we year-end 2030 (2019 baseline). extract individual parts that may be reusable and recycle any remaining plastics and metals. At the end of 2022, we reduced the amount of landfill waste by 27.9% from 2019.26 AT&T makes it easy for customers to give a second life to their old devices, including: PROGRESS: REDUCE AMOUNT OF U.S. WASTE SEND TO LANDFILL 30% BY YEAR-END 2030 27.9% reduction • Encouraging customers to return old phones during the upgrade 0% 30% process or by taking advantage of our trade-in programs. We worked to reduce our waste footprint in 2022 through: • Refurbishing or recycling broadband internet devices through in-home appointments where an AT&T technician will recover • Improving data accuracy in our supply chain through targeted used equipment. training for mobility and fleet vendors. • Offering options for customers to mail their devices back to • Contracting with more vendors located closer to our waste us to recycle. streams, which increases diversion opportunities and reduces waste-related emissions. We’re proud that 0% of materials from take-back programs went • Continuing to divert fiber-optic cable scrap, which can be shredded to landfill in 2022.28 and milled to serve as components for roofing materials. These efforts provide a solid foundation for our circular economy approach, which we expect to expand in 2023.

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS
Suppliers
Whether it’s combatting climate change,
enhancing diversity, or upholding human
rights, we accomplish more when we work
together with our trusted suppliers.
As a global company, we rely on a diverse set
of suppliers around the world.29 We partner
with suppliers who hold themselves to high
ethical standards and who work with us
to advance sustainable business practices
throughout our supply chain.
SUPPLIERS4 WITH THEIR OWN
SCIENCE-BASED 53%
GHG TARGETS
SPEND WITH DIVERSE $16.3
B
SUPPLIERS IN 20225
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Responsible Supply Chain
Combatting climate change together Enhancing supplier diversity Supplier sustainability integration
We're using our scale and influence to encourage AT&T suppliers to AT&T is proud to be a long-standing leader in supplier diversity. We engage our strategic suppliers to integrate sustainability
reduce their own carbon emissions. Part of AT&T’s Over the last 54 years, we have spent more than $230 billion with performance metrics into sourcing decisions. These assessments
science-based target (page 24) includes a commitment to ensure businesses and enterprises owned by minorities, women, veterans, cover a range of ESG factors such as environmental management,
50% of our suppliers4 set their own science-based GHG targets by LGBTQ+ persons, and people with disabilities. In 2022, we met our circular economy, stakeholder engagement and a supplier’s
year-end 2024. We’re proud to report that we achieved our goal – annual goal to exceed 21.5% of supplier spend and $10 billion in management of its own supply chain. Our objective is for at least
as of year-end 2022, 53% of our suppliers have set science-based total procurement expenditures with diverse suppliers, reaching 80% of spend to be covered by supplier sustainability assessments
targets. $16.3 billion.5 This represents 26.3% of our overall procurement spend. through 2025.
As we adopt new and emerging technologies critical to our business
Through the year, we also trained suppliers on using environmental As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, we recognize the
initiatives, we’re focused on ensuring diverse businesses are part of
reporting to track progress and reduce their environmental impact importance of upholding human rights in our supply chain. Through
our transformation.
over time. Suppliers representing more than $7 billion in annual spend our membership in the Joint Alliance for CSR (JAC) we conduct
participated in the training. We participate in regional and national supplier diversity events audits annually within our supply chain using a common audit
and work with several diversity business organizations, such as the framework that includes facility evaluations, management interviews,
National Minority Supplier Development Council, for targeted supplier confidential worker interviews and supplier documentation reviews.
identification. In 2022, AT&T sponsored or participated in roughly The JAC audit framework addresses 10 focus areas, including human
PROGRESS: ENSURE 50% OF SUPPLIERS ADOPT SCIENCE-BASED GHG TARGETS BY 2024
250 in-person and virtual supplier diversity outreach events. rights considerations such as the use of child labor and
53% of suppliers 
forced/bonded labor.
0% 50%
Our supplier financing programs allow small, diverse businesses to
leverage the credit power of AT&T. In 2022, participants in our supplier In 2022 JAC audited 79 factory locations,30 including 41 AT&T suppliers,
financing program included 96 certified women-owned business impacting over 133,000 individuals. AT&T led a combination of 6 audits
enterprises, 91 certified minority business enterprises and 10 certified and Mobile Worker Surveys of AT&T suppliers’ factory locations.
disabled-veteran enterprises. JAC identified 549 corrective actions and closed 51% of all open and
newly identified corrective actions – including 61% rated as major,
30% rated as minor and 10% flagged for priority.31
$16.3
B
82%
READ MORE
supplier spend in 2022 with businesses owned
• Responsible Supply Chain • AT&T Supplier by minorities, women, veterans, LGBTQ+, and of spend had sustainability performance metrics
Issue Brief Diversity website people with disabilities5 embedded in sourcing decisions in 202232
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY 29

[Table 1 — Page 30]
Responsible Supply Chain
----------------------------------------
Combatting climate change together Enhancing supplier diversity Supplier sustainability integration We're using our scale and influence to encourage AT&T suppliers to AT&T is proud to be a long-standing leader in supplier diversity. We engage our strategic suppliers to integrate sustainability reduce their own carbon emissions. Part of AT&T’s Over the last 54 years, we have spent more than $230 billion with performance metrics into sourcing decisions. These assessments science-based target (page 24) includes a commitment to ensure businesses and enterprises owned by minorities, women, veterans, cover a range of ESG factors such as environmental management, 50% of our suppliers4 set their own science-based GHG targets by LGBTQ+ persons, and people with disabilities. In 2022, we met our circular economy, stakeholder engagement and a supplier’s year-end 2024. We’re proud to report that we achieved our goal – annual goal to exceed 21.5% of supplier spend and $10 billion in management of its own supply chain. Our objective is for at least as of year-end 2022, 53% of our suppliers have set science-based total procurement expenditures with diverse suppliers, reaching 80% of spend to be covered by supplier sustainability assessments targets. $16.3 billion.5 This represents 26.3% of our overall procurement spend. through 2025. As we adopt new and emerging technologies critical to our business Through the year, we also trained suppliers on using environmental As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, we recognize the initiatives, we’re focused on ensuring diverse businesses are part of reporting to track progress and reduce their environmental impact importance of upholding human rights in our supply chain. Through our transformation. over time. Suppliers representing more than $7 billion in annual spend our membership in the Joint Alliance for CSR (JAC) we conduct participated in the training. We participate in regional and national supplier diversity events audits annually within our supply chain using a common audit and work with several diversity business organizations, such as the framework that includes facility evaluations, management interviews, National Minority Supplier Development Council, for targeted supplier confidential worker interviews and supplier documentation reviews. identification. In 2022, AT&T sponsored or participated in roughly The JAC audit framework addresses 10 focus areas, including human PROGRESS: ENSURE 50% OF SUPPLIERS ADOPT SCIENCE-BASED GHG TARGETS BY 2024 250 in-person and virtual supplier diversity outreach events. rights considerations such as the use of child labor and 53% of suppliers  forced/bonded labor. 0% 50% Our supplier financing programs allow small, diverse businesses to leverage the credit power of AT&T. In 2022, participants in our supplier In 2022 JAC audited 79 factory locations,30 including 41 AT&T suppliers, financing program included 96 certified women-owned business impacting over 133,000 individuals. AT&T led a combination of 6 audits enterprises, 91 certified minority business enterprises and 10 certified and Mobile Worker Surveys of AT&T suppliers’ factory locations. disabled-veteran enterprises. JAC identified 549 corrective actions and closed 51% of all open and newly identified corrective actions – including 61% rated as major, 30% rated as minor and 10% flagged for priority.31 $16.3 B 82% READ MORE supplier spend in 2022 with businesses owned • Responsible Supply Chain • AT&T Supplier by minorities, women, veterans, LGBTQ+, and of spend had sustainability performance metrics Issue Brief Diversity website people with disabilities5 embedded in sourcing decisions in 202232

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS
Progress toward Goals
Communities
GOAL / TARGET PROGRESS
Invest $2 billion to help Invested $1.35B across programs including Access from
bridge the digital divide AT&T and AT&T Connected Learning
by the end of 2023.
As part of our 3-year $2 billion digital divide commitment,
we reached our goal of opening at least 20 AT&T Connected
Learning Centers across the U.S. With our original goal met,
we have set a new goal to open more than 50 AT&T Connected
Learning Centers by the end of 2024.
Access from AT&T helps bridge the digital divide by making
low-cost internet service available for qualifying low-income
households. In 2022, we expanded the program’s eligibility
to all households that quality for ACP and apply the Federal
benefit to AT&T internet service. We also updated the program
to include speeds up to 100 Mbps where available.
Provide 1 million people Reached more than 290,000 individuals
in need with digital
Through AT&T Connected Learning, we’re investing in
resources through AT&T
connectivity, technology, digital literacy and digital learning
Connected Learning
solutions to help connect today’s learners with success. As of
by the end of 2025.
year-end 2022, we have reached more than 290,000 people
with digital resources through AT&T Connected Learning.
Engage 50% of our 31% of employees engaged in volunteerism and giving18
employees worldwide
Through a variety of corporate community engagement
in communities through
opportunities and programs, employees donate time and
grassroots volunteerism
money to their communities. In 2022, 31% of our workforce
and giving initiatives
engaged in volunteerism and giving through AT&T.
by the end of 2030.
Beyond emergency Delivered humanitarian relief and connectivity solutions
response and network serving more than 500,000 individuals since 2021
disaster recovery, help
In 2022, through strategic partnerships, we supported
1 million people prepare
the delivery of connectivity solutions, humanitarian relief,
for and recover from
and resiliency and recovery resources serving more than
the impacts of disasters
290,000 individuals impacted by Hurricanes Fiona and Ian, the
by the end of 2030.
historic Eastern Kentucky floods and other disasters around
the world.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
s
Environment Suppliers
GOAL / TARGET PROGRESS GOAL / TARGET PROGRESS
Reduce absolute Reduction of more than 45% Lead our supply chain Reached 82% of spend, exceeding our goal for the
Scope 1 and 2 GHG to improve its social second consecutive year
Between 2015-2022, we reduced reported Scope
emissions 63% (2015 and environmental
1 and 2 GHG emissions by more than 45%, AT&T Global Supply Chain continues to require suppliers to
base year) – aligning impacts by integrating
reaching 71% of our 2030 target.33 adhere to our Principles of Conduct for Suppliers through
with a 1.5°C pathway sustainability
our Supplier Portal and contract agreements. We continue to
by the end of 2030.2 performance metrics into
incorporate sustainability-oriented standards and analyses
our sourcing decisions
(Approved by the Science into sourcing decisions, including the addition of sustainability
for 80% of our spend
Based Targets initiative clauses into requests for proposal and agreements, training
by the end of 2025.
in 2020.) our sourcing managers on the principles of sustainability, and
providing updates to sourcing managers on the sustainability
performance of existing suppliers.
Achieve carbon neutrality Reduction of more than 4 million metric tons of CO e3
(net zero Scope 1 and 2
2022 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions were approximately 4.8
emissions) by the end Work to ensure 50% of 53% of suppliers have set science-based
million metric tons of CO e. This represents more than
of 2035.2 2 our suppliers (covering GHG emissions targets
45% attainment toward carbon neutrality from our 2015 base
purchased goods and
year (approximately 8.8 metric tons of CO e). In 2022 we met our Scope 3 science-based target by ensuring
2 services, capital goods,
that suppliers representing 53% our spend (against our goal of
and downstream leased
50%) have set their own science-based Scope 1 and 2 targets.
Deliver connectivity Enabled 38.9 million metric tons of customer assets as a portion of
solutions that enable emissions savings spend) set their own
business customers science-based Scope 1
AT&T-enabled customer GHG emissions reductions
to reduce a gigaton and 2 GHG targets by
measured between 2018 and 2022 totaled 149.2 million metric
(1 billion metric tons) of the end of 2024.
tons of CO e, approximately 15% attainment toward our
GHG emissions between 2
Gigaton Goal.25 (Approved by the Science
2018–2035.
Based Targets initiative
in 2020.)
Reduce the amount Reduction of 27.9%26
of U.S. waste we
2022 waste sent to landfill totaled 110,063 metric tons (MT). Reach 21.5% of Spent $16.3 billion with certified diverse businesses
send to landfill 30%
This represents a 27.9% reduction from our 2019 base year supplier spend and representing 26.3% of overall procurement spend5
(2019 base year)
(152,784 MT). exceed $10 billion in
by the end of 2030. • 16.5% of spend with minority-owned business enterprises
total procurement
• 8.8% of spend with women-owned business enterprises
expenditures with
minority-, women-, • 1% of spend with veteran-owned business enterprises
veteran-, LGBTQ+-
• $9.4M spent with LGBTQ+-owned business enterprises
and disability-owned
• $11.5M spent with disability-owned business enterprises
business enterprises
(annual target).

[Table 1 — Page 31]
Progress toward Goals
----------------------------------------
Communities Environment Suppliers GOAL / TARGET PROGRESS GOAL / TARGET PROGRESS GOAL / TARGET PROGRESS Invest $2 billion to help Invested $1.35B across programs including Access from Reduce absolute Reduction of more than 45% Lead our supply chain Reached 82% of spend, exceeding our goal for the bridge the digital divide AT&T and AT&T Connected Learning Scope 1 and 2 GHG to improve its social second consecutive year Between 2015-2022, we reduced reported Scope by the end of 2023. emissions 63% (2015 and environmental As part of our 3-year $2 billion digital divide commitment, 1 and 2 GHG emissions by more than 45%, AT&T Global Supply Chain continues to require suppliers to base year) – aligning impacts by integrating we reached our goal of opening at least 20 AT&T Connected reaching 71% of our 2030 target.33 adhere to our Principles of Conduct for Suppliers through with a 1.5°C pathway sustainability Learning Centers across the U.S. With our original goal met, our Supplier Portal and contract agreements. We continue to by the end of 2030.2 performance metrics into we have set a new goal to open more than 50 AT&T Connected incorporate sustainability-oriented standards and analyses our sourcing decisions Learning Centers by the end of 2024. (Approved by the Science into sourcing decisions, including the addition of sustainability for 80% of our spend Based Targets initiative clauses into requests for proposal and agreements, training Access from AT&T helps bridge the digital divide by making by the end of 2025. in 2020.) our sourcing managers on the principles of sustainability, and low-cost internet service available for qualifying low-income providing updates to sourcing managers on the sustainability households. In 2022, we expanded the program’s eligibility performance of existing suppliers. to all households that quality for ACP and apply the Federal Achieve carbon neutrality Reduction of more than 4 million metric tons of CO e3 2 benefit to AT&T internet service. We also updated the program (net zero Scope 1 and 2 2022 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions were approximately 4.8 to include speeds up to 100 Mbps where available. emissions) by the end Work to ensure 50% of 53% of suppliers have set science-based million metric tons of CO e. This represents more than of 2035.2 2 our suppliers (covering GHG emissions targets 45% attainment toward carbon neutrality from our 2015 base purchased goods and Provide 1 million people Reached more than 290,000 individuals year (approximately 8.8 metric tons of CO e). In 2022 we met our Scope 3 science-based target by ensuring 2 services, capital goods, in need with digital that suppliers representing 53% our spend (against our goal of Through AT&T Connected Learning, we’re investing in and downstream leased resources through AT&T 50%) have set their own science-based Scope 1 and 2 targets. connectivity, technology, digital literacy and digital learning Deliver connectivity Enabled 38.9 million metric tons of customer assets as a portion of Connected Learning solutions to help connect today’s learners with success. As of solutions that enable emissions savings spend) set their own by the end of 2025. year-end 2022, we have reached more than 290,000 people business customers science-based Scope 1 AT&T-enabled customer GHG emissions reductions with digital resources through AT&T Connected Learning. to reduce a gigaton and 2 GHG targets by measured between 2018 and 2022 totaled 149.2 million metric (1 billion metric tons) of the end of 2024. tons of CO e, approximately 15% attainment toward our GHG emissions between 2 Engage 50% of our 31% of employees engaged in volunteerism and giving18 Gigaton Goal.25 (Approved by the Science 2018–2035. employees worldwide Based Targets initiative Through a variety of corporate community engagement in communities through in 2020.) opportunities and programs, employees donate time and grassroots volunteerism Reduce the amount Reduction of 27.9%26 money to their communities. In 2022, 31% of our workforce and giving initiatives of U.S. waste we engaged in volunteerism and giving through AT&T. 2022 waste sent to landfill totaled 110,063 metric tons (MT). Reach 21.5% of Spent $16.3 billion with certified diverse businesses by the end of 2030. send to landfill 30% This represents a 27.9% reduction from our 2019 base year supplier spend and representing 26.3% of overall procurement spend5 (2019 base year) (152,784 MT). exceed $10 billion in by the end of 2030. • 16.5% of spend with minority-owned business enterprises Beyond emergency Delivered humanitarian relief and connectivity solutions total procurement • 8.8% of spend with women-owned business enterprises response and network serving more than 500,000 individuals since 2021 expenditures with disaster recovery, help minority-, women-, • 1% of spend with veteran-owned business enterprises In 2022, through strategic partnerships, we supported 1 million people prepare veteran-, LGBTQ+- the delivery of connectivity solutions, humanitarian relief, • $9.4M spent with LGBTQ+-owned business enterprises for and recover from and disability-owned and resiliency and recovery resources serving more than • $11.5M spent with disability-owned business enterprises the impacts of disasters business enterprises 290,000 individuals impacted by Hurricanes Fiona and Ian, the by the end of 2030. (annual target). historic Eastern Kentucky floods and other disasters around the world.

[Table 2 — Page 31]
GOAL / TARGET | PROGRESS
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 31]
GOAL / TARGET | PROGRESS
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 31]
GOAL / TARGET | PROGRESS
----------------------------------------

OVERVIEW SHAREHOLDERS & CUSTOMERS COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES ENVIRONMENT SUPPLIERS PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS
Endnotes
1 I nclusive of AT&T Corporate and AT&T Communications. 9 Capital investment from continuing operations is a non-GAAP financial 24 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Green Power Partnership National Top
measure that provides an additional view of cash paid for capital investment to 100. https://www.epa.gov/greenpower/green-power-partnership-national2 Scope 1 emissions include direct emissions from sources owned or controlled provide a comprehensive view of cash used to invest in our networks, product top-100.
by the company (such as our fleet). Scope 2 emissions include indirect
developments and support systems. In connection with capital improvements,
emissions that result from the generation of purchased energy. we negotiate with some of our vendors to obtain favorable payment terms 25 Data does not include DIRECTV or Vrio.
of 120 days or more, referred to as vendor financing, which are excluded from
3 2018-2022 data is inclusive of all AT&T operations (U.S. and international). 26 2022 data is inclusive of AT&T Communications, U.S. operations.
capital expenditures and reported in accordance with GAAP as financing
Starting in 2022, data does not include DIRECTV, Vrio, Xandr and WarnerMedia.
activities. Capital investment from continuing operations includes $19.6 billion
Note: In July 2021, we completed a transaction with TPG Capital involving our 27 2018-2022 data include mobility devices, broadband devices and internal AT&T
of capital expenditures from continuing operations and $4.7 billion of cash
devices. Data (2018-2022) covers AT&T’s U.S. operations. 2018-2021 data have
North America video business – including DIRECTV, AT&T TV and U-verse – to
paid for vendor financing.
been restated to exclude DIRECTV. Note: In July 2021, we completed a
form a new company called DIRECTV. In November 2021, we completed the
transaction with TPG Capital involving our North America video business –
sale of our Latin America video operations, Vrio, to Grupo Werthein. In April
10 The years ended December 31, 2020 through 2022 present results from
including DIRECTV, AT&T TV and U-verse.
2022, we completed a transaction to combine our WarnerMedia segment,
continuing operations, and the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019
subject to certain exceptions, with a subsidiary of Discovery Inc. In June 2022,
include comparable adjustments to remove capital expenditures from
28 2018-2022 data include AT&T’s U.S. operations.
we completed the sale of the programmatic advertising marketplace of Xandr
discontinued operations.
Inc to Microsoft.
Our Global Supply Chain (GSC) organization manages the supply chain of AT&T
11 “Broadband Access Still a Challenge in Rural Affordable Housing.” The Pew Communications and AT&T International operating companies. This
4 Refers to 50% of our suppliers covering purchased goods and services, capital Charitable Trusts.
represents the largest and most complex portion of our supply chain. Because
goods and downstream leased assets as a portion of spend.
of the scale of this work, supplier-related content in this document reflects the
12 Eligibility determined by the National Lifeline Eligibility Verifier (National
efforts of GSC unless otherwise noted. Supplier diversity and supplier
5 Supplier diversity spend excludes content and programming spend, and Verifier), managed by the Universal Service Administrative Company. For more
sustainability metrics represent the effort of our entire U.S. operations. AT&T’s
reflects the activities of the AT&T Global Connections and Supply Chain
information on eligibility criteria for the ACP, visit https://acpbenefit.org.
Global Supplier Diversity team administers the Supplier Diversity program on
organization within AT&T Communications.
behalf of all AT&T affiliates (herein referred to as “AT&T”). This report includes
13 The 2022 AT&T Employee Survey response rate was 65%.
6 Based on nationwide GWS drive test data. GWS conducts paid drive tests for results for all affiliates of AT&T Corporate.
AT&T and uses the data in its analysis. AT&T 5G requires compatible plan and 14 Data does not include WarnerMedia, DIRECTV or Vrio.
device. 5G not available everywhere. Go to att.com/5Gforyou for details. 30 This number reflects Joint Audit Cooperation (JAC) and Validated Assessment
15 Senior Management Positions are defined as roles that are a maximum of two Program (VAP) audits.
7 Data inclusive of AT&T Communications, AT&T Corporate and AT&T levels away from the CEO or comparable positions.
International; does not include DIRECTV or WarnerMedia. 31 Totals may not add to 100% because of rounding.
16 As self-identified via AT&T iCount. AT&T Inc and AT&T Communications only.
8 Adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations includes adjusting items These metrics are only tracked in the U.S. Employees in other countries do not 32 The supplier sustainability management approach reflects the activities of the
AT&T Global Connections and Supply Chain organization within AT&T
to revenues and costs that we consider non-operational in nature, including have the ability to identify in any of these areas. This data is voluntarily selfCommunications.
items arising from asset acquisitions or dispositions. We adjust for net reported, which means there may be a discrepancy between employees who
actuarial gains or losses associated with our pension and postemployment are part of these groups and employees willing to report that they are part of
33 AT&T follows the GHG Protocol for Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 reporting.
benefit plans due to the often-significant impact on our results (we these groups.
2022 GHG emissions data contains Q4 estimations.
immediately recognize this gain or loss in the income statement, pursuant to
our accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses). 17 Inclusive of AT&T Communications, AT&T Corporate and AT&T International.
Consequently, our adjusted results reflect an expected return on plan
18 Representative of all AT&T operations, excluding AT&T Mexico.
assets rather than the actual return on plan assets, as included in the GAAP
measure of income. The tax impact of adjusting items is calculated using the
19 Representative of all AT&T operations, including WarnerMedia.
effective tax rate during the quarter except for adjustments that, given their
magnitude, can drive a change in the effective tax rate, in these cases we use 20 $67.5 million of 2022 philanthropic giving was provided by AT&T and $21.6
the actual tax expense or combined marginal rate of approximately 25%. million was provided through the AT&T Foundation.
For 2022, Adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $2.57 is Reported
21 The value of volunteer time was calculated using the Independent Sector
EPS from continuing operations of ($1.10) adjusted for $3.59 impairments,
value of a volunteer hour, which was $29.95 for 2022.
abandonments and restructuring, $0.19 benefit-related and other costs, $0.16
proportionate share of intangible amortization at the DIRECTV equity method 22 Covering purchased goods and services, capital goods and downstream leased
investment, and $0.06 impact of ASU No. 2020-06, minus $0.20 actuarial gain assets as a portion of spend.
on benefit plans and $0.13 benefit from tax items.
23 2022 increase in annualized energy costs savings driven by large scale
Further information is included in our Form 8-K dated January 25, 2023.
renewable energy and decommissioning projects.
AT&T 2022 SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY 31

The AT&T ESG reporting website provides comprehensive
disclosure additional to this Sustainability Summary:
• ESG Issue Briefs
• TCFD Report
• CDP Climate Change Disclosure
• Political Engagement Report
• Transparency Report
• 2023 Proxy Statement
@ATTimpact
ATTimpact
att.com/csr