Climate
Change
Report
Bringing people and resources
together to build a better world

Our Charter
We are BHP,
a leading global resources company.
Our Purpose Our Values
To bring people and resources Sustainability
together to build a better world. Putting health and safety first, being environmentally responsible
and supporting our communities.
Our Strategy
Our strategy is to have the best Integrity
capabilities, best commodities Doing what is right and doing what we say we will do.
and best assets, to create
long-term value and high returns. Respect
Embracing openness, trust, teamwork, diversity and relationships
that are mutually beneficial.
Performance
Achieving superior business results by stretching our capabilities.
Simplicity
Focusing our eff orts on the things that matter most.
Accountability
Defining and accepting responsibility and delivering on our commitments.
We are successful when:
Our people start each day with a sense of purpose and end the day with
a sense of accomplishment.
Our teams are inclusive and diverse.
Our communities, customers and suppliers value their relationships with us.
Our asset portfolio is world-class and sustainably developed.
Our operational discipline and financial strength enables our future growth.
Our shareholders receive a superior return on their investment.
Mike Henry
Chief Executive O� icer February 2020
The Climate Change Report 2020
is available at bhp.com.
BHP Group Limited. ABN 49 004 028 077. Registered in Australia. Registered In this Climate Change Report (this Report), the terms ‘BHP’, the ‘Company’,
office: 171 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia. BHP Group Plc. the ‘Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer
Registration number 3196209. Registered in England and Wales. Registered to BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and, except where the context
office: Nova South, 160 Victoria Street London SW1E 5LB United Kingdom. otherwise requires, their respective subsidiaries as defined in note 13 ‘Related
Each of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc is a member of the Group, undertakings of the Group’ in section 5.2 of BHP’s Annual Report 2020
which has its headquarters in Australia. BHP is a Dual Listed Company available online at bhp.com. Those terms do not include non-operated assets.
structure comprising BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc. The two entities This Report covers BHP’s assets (including those under exploration, projects
continue to exist as separate companies but operate as a combined group in development or execution phases, sites and closed operations) that have
known as BHP. been wholly owned and/or operated by BHP and that have been owned as a
The headquarters of BHP Group Limited and the global headquarters of the joint venture (1) operated by BHP (referred to in this Report as ‘operated assets’
combined Group are located in Melbourne, Australia. The headquarters of or ‘operations’) during the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. Our
BHP Group Plc are located in London, United Kingdom. Both companies have functions are also included.
identical Boards of Directors and are run by a unified management team. BHP also holds interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not
Throughout this publication, the Boards are referred to collectively as the operated by BHP (referred to in this Report as ‘non-operated joint ventures’
Board. Shareholders in each company have equivalent economic and voting or ‘non-operated assets’). Notwithstanding that this Report may include
rights in the Group as a whole. production, financial, greenhouse gas emissions and other information from
non-operated assets, non-operated assets are not included in the BHP Group
and, as a result, statements regarding our operations, assets and values apply
only to our operated assets unless stated otherwise.
(1) References in this Climate Change Report to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP.
Such references are not intended to characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.

Forward looking statements Contents
This Report contains forward looking statements, including, but not limited
to: statements regarding trends in commodity prices and supply and demand Chief Executive Officer introduction 2
for commodities; plans, strategies and objectives of management; assumed
long-term scenarios; potential global responses to climate change; regulatory Our Position on Climate Change 3
and policy developments; the development of certain technologies; the
potential effect of possible future events on the value of the BHP portfolio About this Report 4
and the plans, strategies and objectives of management.
Executive summary 5
Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology,
including, but not limited to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, 1. Governance 9
‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘may’, ‘should’,
‘will’, ‘would’, ‘continue’ or similar words. These statements discuss future 1.1 Role and responsibilities of the Board 9
expectations concerning the results of assets or financial conditions, or
1.2 Role and responsibilities of management 11
provide other forward looking information. In particular, such statements may
include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to the purpose, goals, 2. T aking action through our targets,
targets, plans and objectives of BHP, assumptions made in energy, and other
goals and strategies 12
forms of environmental transition scenarios, as well as statements about how
we run our business, including our work with contractors and partners. 2.1 Portfolio analysis 13
The forward looking statements in this Report are based on the information
available as at the date of this Report and/or the date of the Group’s planning 2.2 Reducing our GHG emissions 22
processes or scenario analysis processes. There are inherent limitations with
2.3 Partnering across our value chain 28
scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the scenarios
might eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes for us. 2.4 Natural climate solutions strategy 32
Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to
be, correct and may or may not eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted 2.5 Adaptation strategy 34
by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.
2.6 Advocacy strategy 35
Additionally, forward looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of
future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 3. Risk management 36
other factors, many of which are beyond our control, and which may cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements 3.1 Risk Framework 36
contained in this Report. BHP cautions against reliance on any forward
looking statements or guidance. 3.2 Climate-related risks 37
For example, future revenues from our operations, projects or mines 3.3 Emerging risks 39
described in this Report will be based, in part, upon the market price of the
minerals, metals or petroleum produced, which may vary significantly from Looking ahead 39
current levels. These variations, if materially adverse, may affect the timing or
the feasibility of the development of a particular project, the expansion of Glossary 42
certain facilities or mines, or the continuation of existing operations.
There are a number of other factors that may have an adverse effect on our
results or operations, including those identified in the risk factors discussed
in BHP’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the ‘SEC’)
(including in Annual Reports on Form 20-F) which are available on the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov.
Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not
undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward looking
statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. Forward
looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report or the date
planning process assumptions or scenario analysis assumptions were
adopted, as relevant.
Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.
Agreements for sale of Onshore US
On 28 September 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent of the issued
share capital of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Arkansas) Inc. and 100 per cent of the
membership interests in BHP Billiton Petroleum (Fayetteville) LLC, which held
the Fayetteville assets, for a gross cash consideration of US$0.3 billion.
On 31 October 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent of the issued
share capital of Petrohawk Energy Corporation, the BHP subsidiary that held
the Eagle Ford (being Black Hawk and Hawkville), Haynesville and Permian
assets, for a gross cash consideration of US$10.3 billion (net of preliminary
customary completion adjustments of US$0.2 billion).
While the effective date at which the right to economic profits transferred to
the purchasers was 1 July 2018, the Group continued to control the Onshore
US assets until the completion dates of their respective transactions. In
addition, the Group provided transitional services to the buyer, which ceased
in July 2019.
Information in this Report relating to the Group has been presented on a
Continuing and Discontinued operations basis to include the contribution from
Onshore US assets prior to completion of their sale, unless otherwise stated.
No offer of securities
Nothing in this Report should be construed as either an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell BHP securities in any jurisdiction, or be treated or
relied upon as a recommendation or advice by BHP.
Reliance on third party information
The views expressed in this Report contain information that has been derived
from publicly available sources that have not been independently verified.
No representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness
or reliability of the information. This Report should not be relied upon
as a recommendation or forecast by BHP.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 1

Chief Executive Officer introduction
capacity to play a key role in advancing the development of
standards, best practices and constructive policy.
Shaping our portfolio to sustainably protect and grow value
over time
In parallel with taking action to reduce emissions, we must also
be thoughtful about the implications of climate change for
BHP’s operational and portfolio resilience. We must take a
proactive and collaborative approach to adaptation by
enhancing the climate resilience of our operated assets,
investments, portfolio, supply chain, communities and
ecosystems, to achieve mutually beneficial outcomes for our
business and stakeholders. We regularly test our portfolio
against a range of climate change scenarios, as previously
The commodities BHP produces are essential in the daily lives
outlined in our report: Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis
of people around the world. They support global economic
(2015). In this report, we have set out an assessment of a 1.5°C
development and prosperity. BHP’s long-term success is
scenario, which is aligned to the goals of the Paris Agreement.
dependent on a stable world with sustainable economic
growth and on a continued ability to attract people, capital What these scenarios tell us is that BHP’s overall portfolio is
and access to the resources the world needs. This is reflected resilient and that, in fact, many of BHP’s commodities would
in our purpose, ‘To bring people and resources together to further benefit from an accelerated decarbonisation pathway.
build a better world’, and it informs our approach on the We are already a major producer of copper and nickel and are
critically important topic of climate change. seeking further options in these commodities, which see
strengthening demand as the world moves to decarbonise.
The commitments, actions and insights set out in this report
Potash also sees upside in a decarbonising world.
build upon a strong and extended track record of leadership
and action on climate change. This has included efforts to The iron ore and higher quality metallurgical coals that BHP
reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our operations, advocacy produces are resilient. The world will need more steel for
for effective climate change policy, building resilience into our continued economic growth and to build the infrastructure
operated assets and incorporating climate change required by decarbonisation. At the same time, steelmakers
considerations into our strategic thinking and portfolio decisions. will need to reduce their emissions intensity, an effort that will
be supported in the coming decades by the iron ore and
Climate change leadership and actions aligned to the
higher quality metallurgical coals that BHP produces.
Paris Agreement
We are committed to continuing to reduce emissions in our As the world moves to decarbonise, oil demand will eventually
operations and to our goal of achieving net zero operational decline. However, oil remains essential for human mobility and
emissions by 2050. We are on track to achieve our current many of the difficult-to-displace industrial processes and
short-term target to maintain our FY2022 total operational products that support daily life today and we expect it will take
GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels (2), while we continue some time for erosion of demand to outpace natural field
to grow our business. As set out in this report, we are decline even under a 1.5°C pathway.
accelerating our efforts and will take the necessary action to Our scenario analysis provides us with the necessary
reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by at least 30 per perspective and understanding of risks to help decide how to
cent from FY2020 levels (2) by 2030. We have established shape BHP’s portfolio over time. We will act to sustainably
agreements for 100 per cent renewable electricity use in our protect and grow value in the near, medium and long-term.
Chilean operations, and for a portion of our electricity needs in Conclusion
Australia to also be met by renewables. We established a
Climate change is an urgent global challenge and BHP has a
US$400 million Climate Investment Program to invest more
role to play in overcoming it. We will do so through minimising
resources in low emissions technologies and other activities
emissions from our operations and through lending our voice,
that can decarbonise our operations and value chain.
capability and financial support towards the development of
While the commodities BHP produces are essential for the the policies and technologies required to accelerate
world, we recognise that greenhouse gas emissions are decarbonisation of the global economy. Our actions will be
generated in their transport and use. BHP is committed to ambitious, tangible and measurable. They will be foremost
working with customers, transportation providers and others focused on contributing to global reduction in emissions.
in the value chain, to reduce the emissions intensity of their
We will continuously manage our portfolio for value and risk,
processes (Scope 3 emissions). This is all the more important
taking into account the latest science and our scenario
given that these emissions are significantly higher than those
analysis. We have reflected the importance of climate change
from BHP’s operations. The actions we are taking are focused
action to our company’s future and to the world through a
in areas where our support can make the biggest difference.
strengthened linkage with executive remuneration.
We are further strengthening accountability for climate change
This report and the actions we are taking are the culmination
leadership within our business. As climate change is a material
of extensive consultation, deep reflection and decades of
governance issue and a strategic issue, we have reinforced the
leadership. We are committed to solutions and our actions are
link between climate change performance measures and
supported by costed and practical plans – the progress of
executive remuneration.
which will be subject to ongoing, transparent disclosure.
We are committed to lead the evolution of our industry. We
have set a Paris-aligned target and goal for decarbonisation of
our operations. And we have announced goals to drive action
not just in our business, but across sectors beyond ours. Not
only that, but by seeking to work in partnership with others, we
increase the chance that collectively, we achieve the outcome Mike Henry
to which we all aspire. And we will continue to advocate for Chief Executive Officer
action as BHP and in industry associations which have the
(2) Reference baselines will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will
be used as required.
2 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Our Position on Climate Change
Warming of the climate is unequivocal,
the human influence is clear and physical
impacts are unavoidable.
We believe that:
• The world must pursue the Paris Agreement goals with increased levels of national and global
ambition to limit the impacts of climate change.
• Providing access to affordable and clean energy and other products is essential to meet
sustainable development goals.
• Under all current plausible scenarios (3), fossil fuels will continue to be a significant part of the
global energy mix for decades.
• Demand for renewable energy technologies is likely to grow at unprecedented rates as the power
sector decarbonises, and electrification trends accelerate in coming decades.
• There needs to be an acceleration of global effort to drive energy efficiency; to develop and deploy
low emissions and negative emissions technologies; and to adapt to the impacts of climate change.
• Policies to spur rapid action should be implemented in an equitable manner to address
competitiveness concerns and achieve lowest cost abatement.
We will:
• Continue to take action to reduce our operational greenhouse gas emissions in line with our
public targets.
• Support emissions reductions in our value chain, and the economy-wide transitions necessary
to meet the Paris Agreement goals, by working with customers and suppliers to achieve
sectoral decarbonisation.
• Partner with others to accelerate the transition to a low carbon future and in the development
of low emissions and negative emissions technologies, including natural climate solutions.
• Adapt to the potential physical impacts of climate change by building the resilience of our
operated assets and investments and contributing to community and ecosystem resilience.
• Seek to enhance the global response to climate change by engaging with governments,
maintaining a commitment to climate change advocacy and continuing to promote market
mechanisms to reduce global emissions at least cost.
(3) This reference to scenarios is intended to have its meaning in common usage, and is not a reference to the four specific scenarios considered in our latest
portfolio analysis in this Report.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 3

The materials we provide are central to modern life
We constantly evolve our approach so we can deliver them sustainably into the future
Iron ore
Met coal
Copper
Energy
Nickel
In FY2020, we produced
Iron ore Metallurgical Nickel Copper Natural gas Crude oil Energy coal
coal
248 41 80 1,724 360 49 23
million tonnes million tonnes kilotonnes kilotonnes bcf MMboe million tonnes
About this Report
This Report is a special publication designed for a more Since these reports were published, the Paris Agreement has
detailed discussion of our approach to climate change. entered into force; countries have set their first nationally
It outlines our story – our successes, our learnings and our determined contributions (NDCs); the International Energy
plans for future initiatives. Agency has published updates to its World Energy Outlook,
including its energy scenarios; and the Intergovernmental
We have previously published two climate-related portfolio
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has published its report,
analysis reports: Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis (2015)
Global warming of 1.5°C (4). The IPCC states that limiting
and Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis – Views after Paris
global warming to 2°C may avoid some material climate
(2016), which are available online at bhp.com/climate.
change impacts, but the consequences will be significantly
These reports described how we have used scenario analysis
worse than if global warming can be limited to 1.5°C.
to evaluate the resilience of our portfolio to both an orderly
and a more rapid transition to a 2°C world. At the time, these The transition to a 1.5°C world will require tremendous effort,
reports set a new standard within the resources sector. but the IPCC report highlights that the effort can be worth
the reward of more secure communities, ecosystems and
economies. We have considered these updates in our climate
change strategy.
The disclosures in this Report are for FY2020. The focus for
this Report is on climate change, energy, greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions and the risks and opportunities linked
to the transition to a low carbon future.
This Report aligns with the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and we have
structured the Report to address the TCFD’s themes of
Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and
Targets. Our Vice President of Sustainability and Climate
Change, Dr Fiona Wild, is a member of the Task Force.
We believe the TCFD recommendations represent an important
step towards establishing a widely accepted framework for
climate-related financial risk disclosure.
(4) https://www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/sites/2/2019/06/SR15_Full_Report_High_Res.pdf
4 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Executive summary
Climate change governance Portfolio analysis
Climate change is a material governance and strategic issue In this Report, we describe our latest portfolio analysis,
and is routinely on the Board agenda, including as part of including four scenarios: Central Energy View and Lower
strategy discussions, portfolio reviews and investment Carbon View which we use as inputs to our planning cases;
decisions, risk management oversight and monitoring, and a non-linear, higher temperature Climate Crisis scenario and
performance against our commitments. The Sustainability a 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario. To stay within a carbon budget
Committee assists the Board in overseeing the Group’s climate that keeps global warming to no more than 1.5°C, the 1.5°C
change performance and governance responsibilities. The Risk scenario requires steep global annual emissions reductions,
and Audit Committee and Sustainability Committee assist the sustained for decades. This pathway to 2050 represents a
Board with the oversight of climate-related risk management, major departure from today’s global trajectory. Rapid
although the Board retains overall accountability for BHP’s risk transitions would be needed across energy, land, industrial,
profile. Below the level of the Board, key management and agricultural systems. Such transitions would require
decisions are made by the CEO and management, in substantial new investments in low emissions and negative
accordance with their delegated authority. emissions technologies, and energy and process efficiency.
The IPCC report, Global warming of 1.5°C, finds that if the
The Board strengthened the link between executive
1.5 ̊C goal is to be met, investments in these technologies
remuneration and delivery of our climate change strategy
would need to increase by roughly a factor of six by 2050
with performance against operational emissions and value
compared to 2015 levels.
chain measures now representing 10 per cent of the Cash
and Deferred Plan (CDP) scorecard, which is significantly Our updated portfolio analysis demonstrates that our
higher than in previous years. The 10 per cent climate change business can continue to thrive over the next 30 years, as the
component includes these key measures: global community takes action to decarbonise, even under
• Reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 operational a Paris-aligned 1.5°C trajectory. As illustrated in the Cumulative
GHG emissions Demand Figure, our modelling indicated that cumulative
• Short and medium-term actions to reduce operational GHG demand for copper, nickel and potash over the next 30 years
emissions on the pathway to net zero emissions in the 1.5°C scenario could not only exceed the last 30 years,
but also our mid-planning case (Central Energy View). The
• Short and medium-term actions to address value chain
modelling also showed strong cumulative demand for iron ore,
(Scope 3) GHG emissions
metallurgical coal and natural gas and more modest demand
for oil in the transition to a low carbon future over the next
Risk management
30 years. Opportunities to invest in commodities such as
potash, nickel and copper, and our rigorous approach to capital
Risk management accountability and oversight is an integral part
allocation provide a strong foundation for our business as the
of BHP’s governance. The Board, the Sustainability Committee,
world takes action to decarbonise, even for a 1.5°C world. In
the Risk and Audit Committee and senior management are
contrast, while the Climate Crisis scenario presents some initial
regularly provided with insights on trends and aggregate
upside, it ultimately results in a lower demand trajectory
exposure for climate-related risks and performance against risk
post-climate shock, as the world settles on a permanently lower
appetite. The complex and pervasive nature of climate change
GDP growth trajectory and rapidly decarbonises. Cumulatively,
means that it can act as an amplifier of other risks across
demand for most of our commodities is lower in this scenario.
BHP’s risk profile. For example, greater risk of extreme weather
increases both the likelihood and potential impact of risks to the Transitioning the global economy over the next 30 years,
integrity of BHP’s assets. Climate-related risk events also have the on a trajectory consistent with the Paris Agreement goals,
potential to manifest across environmental, economic or other would limit potential global climate-related impacts, including
systems. Climate-related risks can be grouped in two categories: physical climate change risks at our assets. This would also
transition risk and physical risk. potentially generate significant value for our portfolio as shown
in the Rolling present value Figure below. The need to adapt
Transition risks arise from policy, regulatory, legal,
also grows as the global average temperature rises, suggesting
technological, market and other societal responses to the
that transitioning to a 1.5°C world could limit the costs
challenges posed by climate change and the transition to
associated with adaptation in many regions, compared
a low carbon economy. We consider transition risks as part
to higher temperature trajectories.
of strategy discussions, portfolio reviews and investment
decisions. Physical risks include acute risks resulting from The 1.5°C scenario is an attractive scenario for BHP, our
increased severity of extreme weather events, and chronic shareholders and the global community. However, today’s
risks resulting from longer-term changes in climate patterns. signposts do not indicate that the appropriate measures are
In assessing physical risks, we include consideration of the in place to drive decarbonisation at the pace nor scale required
potential vulnerabilities of our operated assets, investments, for the 1.5°C scenario. If we see the necessary changes in our
portfolio, communities, ecosystems and our suppliers and signposts, we will adjust our planning cases accordingly.
customers across the value chain. Given the long lead times for new investments, we will continue
to stress test our decision-making with updated strategic themes
We recognise the importance of integrating physical climate
and scenarios to understand emerging opportunities. We will also
change risks and adaptation assessment and planning into
continue to advocate for actions in line with the Paris Agreement
decision-making processes, for example, we require proposed
goals and seek partnerships to leverage our own investments in
new investments to assess and manage risks associated with
low emissions and negative emissions technologies and natural
potential physical impacts of climate change. Efforts to
climate solutions, because we believe it is the right thing to do
mitigate and adapt to climate change can also produce
for our shareholders and our global community.
opportunities for BHP, for example through resource efficiency
and cost savings, and building resilience along the supply
chain to support business continuity.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 5
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Cumulative demand in the next 30 years compared to the last 30 years
(100% = CY1990-CY2019 cumulative demand)
Iron ore (1) Metallurgical coal (1) Nickel (2) Copper (2) Natural gas Oil Uranium (3) Energy coal Potash
 1.5°C scenario  Central Energy View  Lower Carbon View  Climate Crisis scenario
Rolling present value (1) relative to Central Energy View
FY2020 FY2030 FY2040 FY2050
–– 1.5°C scenario – – Central Energy View –– Lower Carbon View –– Climate Crisis scenario
emit
revo
eulav
evitaleR
Executive summary continued
Source: BHP, Vivid Economics.
(1) Iron ore and Metallurgical coal demand accounts for Contestable Market = Global seaborne market plus Chinese domestic demand
(2) Nickel and Copper demand references primary metal
(3) Nuclear power was used as a proxy for historic cumulative demand for Uranium
(1) Present value of unlevered free cash flows. Data in this chart is based on our current portfolio and does not include any potential future divestments.
6 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Taking action through our targets, Value chain emissions reductions
goals and strategies At BHP, we recognise the importance of taking action to
support efforts to reduce emissions across our full value chain,
Operational GHG emissions reductions
as the emissions from our customers’ use of our products are
Reducing GHG emissions at our operated assets is a key significantly higher than those from our operated assets.
component of our climate change strategy. Our current By definition, Scope 3 emissions occur outside of our
short-term target is, by FY2022, to maintain our total operated assets and are emissions over which we do not have
operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels (5), while operational control. We therefore seek opportunities to partner
we continue to grow our business. While our annual emissions with others across our value chain to enable the reduction of
are currently higher than FY2017 levels, our asset-level these emissions. The most significant contributions to Scope 3
emissions forecasts show we are on track to meet our FY2022 emissions come from the processing and use of our products,
target. Our long-term goal is to achieve net-zero operational in particular from the use of our iron ore and metallurgical coal
emissions by 2050. in steelmaking.
We have set a medium-term target to reduce operational GHG We have set Scope 3 GHG emission goals for 2030 to:
emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 from our operated assets) by • support industry to develop technologies and pathways
at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels (6) by FY2030. capable of 30 per cent emissions intensity reduction in
Our FY2030 target was informed by our Pathways to Net Zero integrated steelmaking, with widespread adoption
(P2NZ) emissions project that was established to understand expected post 2030
opportunities to achieve and maintain net-zero operational • support 40 per cent emissions intensity reduction of
emissions by 2050. The P2NZ project has identified a range BHP-chartered shipping of our products
of options for decarbonisation of BHP’s operated assets.
In support of the medium-term goal for the steel industry,
The key areas of focus are renewable electricity, low or
we will continue our engagement and technical collaboration
zero-carbon material movement (e.g. reducing diesel use in
with customers in the steel sector to drive the most efficient
mining equipment), and reducing hard-to-abate emissions,
utilisation of BHP’s products, while working with our operated
including fugitive methane from coal mining and petroleum
assets to deliver the right product qualities to our customers.
production. We will initially focus on decarbonising our
We will also partner with leading steel mills and other
electricity supply, which will also facilitate electrification
stakeholders to accelerate the development and
and diesel displacement in our mining operations.
commercialisation of technologies that support greater
We made strong progress in FY2020 as a result of establishing efficiency and emissions reductions in the integrated
four new renewable power purchase agreements (PPAs) for steelmaking route. We will also work to improve our
our Escondida and Spence copper operations in Chile. The understanding of alternative steelmaking technologies and
contracts will effectively displace 3 million tonnes (Mt) carbon how BHP’s current and future products can support the
dioxide equivalent (CO2e) per year from FY2022, compared adoption of such technologies.
with the fossil fuel based contracts they are replacing. Our
In the maritime sector, BHP is one of the world’s largest dry
new PPAs have triggered the development of new renewable
bulk charterers. We therefore have the opportunity to influence
generation capacity. About half of our new contracted supply
action in a global industry where emissions are difficult to
will be met by existing capacity and the remainder from new
abate. We expect to achieve our Scope 3 goal through
capacity which is currently under construction. This new
chartering choices, alternative fuel requirements, and
renewable generation will displace thermal generation, leading technology to optimise voyages. As an initial action, in July
to a reduction in total emissions in Chile. The new PPAs also
2019 we issued a world-first tender for lower-emissions,
offer financial savings compared with existing arrangements.
LNG-fuelled bulk carrier vessels for iron ore transportation.
We established our Carbon Offset strategy that describes how This is expected to lead to lower emissions of up to 34 per cent
we propose that a quantity of carbon offsets be procured and, on a per voyage basis when compared to conventional vessels.
from the mid-2020s onwards, retired voluntarily at regular
Climate Investment Program
intervals. While we will prioritise emissions reductions within
One of our key contributions to driving decarbonisation
our operated assets to meet our medium-term target, by
across our value chain is the Climate Investment Program
including offsets as an element of our climate change strategy,
(CIP), announced in July 2019. BHP will invest at least
we will also continue to support a range of projects that offer
US$400 million over the five-year life of the CIP in emissions
sustainability co-benefits, including support for local
reduction projects across our operated assets and value
communities and biodiversity conservation.
chain. It is a demonstration of our commitment to take a
product stewardship role in relation to our full value chain.
Initial investments will focus on reducing emissions at our
Minerals (Australia and Americas) operated assets and
addressing Scope 3 emissions in the steelmaking sector,
particularly emerging technologies that have the potential
to be scaled for widespread application. During FY2020,
potential CIP projects have requested approximately
US$350 million over five years. Establishing a robust pipeline
is critical to drive prioritisation of the best projects across
our operated assets and value chain, and to ensure that
our emissions targets can be met alongside safety,
production and cost targets.
(5) FY2017 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be
used as required.
(6) FY2020 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be
used as required.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 7
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Executive summary continued
Adaptation strategy BHP is a member of industry associations around the world.
Risks related to the potential physical impacts of climate We believe associations can perform a number of functions
change include acute risks resulting from increased severity that can lead to better outcomes on policy, practice and
of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from standards. Over the past five years, there has been increasing
longer-term changes in climate patterns. BHP operates in stakeholder interest in the role played by industry associations
zones prone to extreme weather events and is exposed to in public policy debates, particularly in the context of climate
potential disruptions such as failures of mining or processing change policy. We published our first industry association
equipment, loss of containment, mining infrastructure failures review in 2017, which sought to identify ‘material differences’
(e.g. power, water, rail and port), support infrastructure failures between BHP and our member associations on climate change
(e.g. technology services and office buildings), disruption to policy. We repeated this exercise in 2018 and 2019. For the
critical supplies (e.g. explosives stock) and adverse impacts latter, we broadened our methodology to capture additional
to health and safety, including loss of life. organisations and to provide an assessment of the extent of
overall alignment between BHP and our association
We assess our risk of exposure to potential climate change
memberships on climate change policy. Outcomes from our
impacts to be material, including the potential for more
2019 review are set out in our 2019 Industry Association Review
frequent and intense weather events, and increasing sea water
Report available online at bhp.com.
levels that may result in disruptions (e.g. to port operations).
Left unmanaged, physical climate change risks may threaten Following our 2019 review, we commenced a process to
our sustainable long-term shareholder return objectives. understand how we could further enhance our overall
approach to industry associations to ensure we maximise the
Our approach to climate change adaptation was established
value of our memberships. We have also taken further steps to
in 2014. In order to strengthen our approach, BHP undertook
address investor expectations around climate change
a series of assessments and engagements in FY2020 and this
advocacy by industry associations by engaging with a broad
work has informed the updating of our Adaptation Strategy,
range of stakeholders from around the world, including
which will be finalised in FY2021.
investors, civil society groups, community groups and industry
Advocacy strategy associations. As a result of that feedback, we developed and
Climate change is a global challenge that requires published our Global Climate Policy Standards (7), which are
collaboration, and industry has a key role to play in supporting intended to provide greater clarity on how our policy positions
policy development. We engage with governments and other on climate change should be reflected in our own advocacy
stakeholders to contribute to the development of an effective, and that of associations to which we belong, and announced
long-term policy framework that can deliver a low carbon key changes to our approach to industry associations, as set
economy. We prioritise working with others to enhance the out online at bhp.com.
global policy and market response, and support the
development of market mechanisms that reduce global GHG
emissions through projects that generate carbon credits.
Looking ahead
Our commitments provide a pathway for action
This Report is a foundation for action. We have laid out a comprehensive series of metrics, targets and goals. We have
committed to holding management to account through a direct linkage of climate-related targets and goals to executive
remuneration. And we have affirmed our commitment to advocate for public policy in pursuit of global decarbonisation.
We will remain alert to technological, political and societal developments that may indicate changes to our signposts and
the development of new uncertainties for our portfolio analysis. We will continue to monitor developments and review our
approach as necessary, to respond to evolving approaches to climate change and climate-related disclosures.
A shared global challenge
We also recognise our role in collaborating with others to achieve progress in managing the challenges of climate change.
Without collaboration, the world will not be able to achieve the goals of growth, equity and decarbonisation for the long-term.
The challenges inherent in our 1.5°C scenario illustrate the scale of the task ahead. We will seek opportunities to work with
partners to commercialise, at scale and acceptable cost, low emissions and negative emissions technologies that are critical
for the transition to a 1.5°C world. These technologies include carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS), direct air
capture (DAC) and the natural climate solutions of reforestation and afforestation. Consideration of the 1.5°C scenario in our
portfolio analysis highlights that the world needs these technologies without delay and at scale. We will continue to seek
opportunities to collaborate with value chain partners, investors, researchers and governments to work towards net-zero
emissions globally by 2050.
Building a better world
Ultimately, BHP’s business is founded on providing the resources that communities and nations need to build better lives
for their citizens today, and to create a brighter future for the decades to come. Building that future around a stable climate
would mean that the potential of the resources we produce is maximised, their value should be higher, and the quality of life
of hundreds of millions of people around the world would be better.
(7) https://www.bhp.com/-/media/documents/ourapproach/operatingwithintegrity/industryassociations/200814_globalclimatepolicystandards---aug20.pdf?la=en
8 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

1 Governance
1.1 Role and responsibilities of the Board
Figure 1 illustrates the role of the Board and management expectations of stakeholders, including in respect of the
in climate change governance in BHP. Climate change natural environment. In addition, there is a deep understanding
is a Board-level governance issue and is discussed regularly, of systemic risk and the potential impacts on our portfolio.
including during Board strategy discussions, portfolio review
Expert advisers
and investment decisions, and in the context of scenario
The Board has taken a number of measures to ensure that
triggers and signposts.
its decisions are informed by climate change science and
Board members bring experience from a range of sectors by expert advisers. The Board seeks the input of management
including resources, energy, finance, technology and public (including Dr Fiona Wild, our Vice President Sustainability
policy, which equips them to consider potential implications and Climate Change) and independent advisers. In addition,
of climate change on BHP and its operational capacity, as well our Forum on Corporate Responsibility (which includes Don
as understand the nature of the debate and the international Henry, former CEO of the Australian Conservation Foundation
policy response as it develops. Collectively, the Board has and Changhua Wu, former Greater China Director of the
the experience and skills to assist the Group in the optimal Climate Group) advises operational management teams
allocation of financial, capital and human resources for the and engages with the Sustainability Committee and the
creation of long-term shareholder value. It also means the Board as appropriate.
Board understands the importance of meeting the
Climate change governance at BHP
Figure 1. Climate change governance at BHP
Shareholders
Remuneration Committee
(Remuneration policy in line with strategy)
Board
Sustainability Committee
(Oversight) (Group HSEC framework and performance)
Risk and Audit Committee
(Risk management)
Investment Review Committees
Executive Leadership Team
Climate Change Steering Committee (Accountable for climate change Internal Audit
strategy management)
Assets and Functions
(Implementation)
Climate Change Working Group
Board discussions Investor engagement
During FY2020, the Board: Part of the Board’s commitment to high-quality governance
• Undertook a deep dive relating to climate change is expressed through the approach BHP takes to engaging
and strategy, including new climate change scenarios. and communicating with its shareholders on climate change
Discussions included the relative commodity attractiveness issues. The Board uses a range of formal and informal
under a 1.5°C scenario. In addition, stakeholder attitudes, communication channels to understand and take into account
including those of investors, were considered in relation the views of shareholders.
to climate change and the direction and momentum of the Feedback and commentary related to climate change are
evolution of those expectations. increasingly a part of all of BHP’s routine investor engagements
• Held discussions on a range of other climate-related topics including results roadshows with the CEO and CFO, and the
including the role of industry associations in climate change Chair’s investor engagement meetings. A summary of this
advocacy, investor and government views on climate change feedback is provided to the Board, as is feedback received
issues (including in the context of shareholder requisitioned through other investor engagement including through
resolutions), reviews of supply and demand analysis and Annual General Meetings.
portfolio planning.
See section 2.6 Advocacy strategy for additional information.
Following detailed discussions by the Executive Leadership
Team (ELT), the Sustainability Committee and the Board during
FY2020, in August 2020 the Board approved our medium-term
target, Scope 3 emissions goals and the strengthening of links
between executive remuneration and climate-related
performance measures, and noted the Carbon Offset strategy.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 9
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Sustainability Committee Remuneration policy and outcomes
The Sustainability Committee assists the Board in overseeing The purpose of BHP’s remuneration arrangements is to drive
the Group’s health, safety, environment and community the delivery of strategy, attract and motivate talented
(HSEC) performance and governance responsibilities, executives, and ensure long-term alignment of senior
and the adequacy of the Group’s HSEC framework, including executives with our shareholders’ interests.
climate change. Committee members have extensive
The Board approved the recommendation from the
experience with complex HSEC risks and frameworks, and the
Remuneration Committee, working in conjunction with the
broader stakeholder considerations relating to climate change.
Sustainability Committee, that from 1 July 2020, the 25 per
The Sustainability Committee spends a significant amount
cent HSEC component of the CDP will include increased
of time considering systemic climate change matters relating
weighting, specificity and transparency on climate-related
to the resilience of, and opportunities for, BHP’s portfolio.
metrics. For FY2020, the 25 per cent HSEC component of the
Following the commitments approved by the Board and CDP scorecard included:
announced in July 2019, the Sustainability Committee reviewed • Fatalities and other HSEC incidents
a suite of proposed measures to implement those • HPIF (High Potential Injury Frequency), TRIF (total recordable
commitments, including steps to reduce our operational injury frequency) and OIF (Occupational Illness Frequency)
emissions and address Scope 3 emissions across the value
• HSEC risk management (including climate change)
chain; the deployment of the US$400 million Climate
• HSEC initiatives linked to our five-year (FY2017-FY2022)
Investment Program; and how the link between executive
public targets (including climate change)
remuneration and delivery of our climate strategy could best
be achieved along with other HSEC objectives. For FY2021, the climate change weighting within the CDP
scorecard that applies to the CEO, and members of the ELT,
The Sustainability Committee considered the work undertaken
will be 10 per cent (i.e. 40 per cent of the 25 per cent HSEC
across our Functions and Asset teams, which reflected a
component weighting), which is significantly higher than
‘whole of company’ response, commensurate with the scale
in previous years. This change delivers on BHP’s commitment
and scope of the climate challenge. The actions reviewed were
to clarify and strengthen the links between executive
designed to be complementary, mutually reinforcing,
remuneration and climate change, as well as providing greater
commercially sound, achievable and ambitious.
visibility and transparency to climate change measures and
outcomes. The 10 per cent climate change component will
Risk and Audit Committee include these key measures:
• Reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 operational
The Risk and Audit Committee (RAC) assists the Board with
GHG emissions
the oversight of risk management, although the Board retains
overall accountability for BHP’s risk profile. In addition, the • Short and medium-term actions to reduce operational
Board requires the CEO to implement a system of controls GHG emissions on the pathway to net-zero emissions
for identifying and managing risk. The Directors, through the • Short and medium-term actions to address value chain
RAC, review the systems that have been established, regularly (Scope 3) GHG emissions
review the effectiveness of those systems and monitor to
The aligned cascade of measures in the CDP scorecard,
ensure that necessary actions have been taken to remedy any
from the CEO down through all levels of the organisation,
significant failings or weaknesses identified from that review.
has long been an important feature of BHP’s variable pay plans.
The RAC regularly reports to the Board to enable the Board
This change to the HSEC component of the CDP scorecard,
to review our Risk Framework at least annually, to confirm that
with an increase in the weighting, specificity and transparency
the Risk Framework continues to be sound and that BHP is
of climate-related metrics, will directly determine the
operating with regard to the risk appetite set by the Board.
remuneration outcomes of the CEO and the members of the
Further information is set out in section 3 Risk management of this ELT, and will also be cascaded to other senior leaders and the
Report and section 1.5.4 of the BHP Annual Report 2020, available
broader workforce, specifically to individual employees who
on-line at bhp.com.
have direct accountability for the achievement of HSEC
outcomes as part of their roles.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee supports the Board in relation
to the determination of remuneration policy and its application
for senior executives, performance evaluation, the adoption
of incentive plans, and various governance responsibilities
related to remuneration.
The Remuneration Committee announced in the BHP Annual
Report 2019 that the Cash and Deferred Plan (CDP) incentive
scorecard applicable to the CEO and other senior executives
will include a cash award, plus two equal tranches of deferred
shares, vesting in two and five years. The CDP provides
participants with variable remuneration linked to actual
performance over the short, medium and long term.
10 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

1.2 Role and responsibilities of management
Below the level of the Board, key management decisions are and quantitative criteria relevant to each capital allocation
made by the CEO and management, in accordance with their decision. Individual projects must justify the investment based
delegated authority. The ELT are held to account for a range on abatement efficiency, technology readiness, maturity,
of measures including climate change-related performance. operational impact and other relative economics compared
The same measures are cascaded through the organisation. with other maintenance capital projects in the portfolio.
Climate-related activities in FY2020 Decarbonisation projects, including those that have been
A range of BHP’s Functions and Asset teams have been prioritised for potential Climate Investment Program funding,
engaged in progressing our new climate change commitments are incorporated into our annual corporate planning process,
during FY2020, including development of BHP’s medium-term which is critical to creating alignment across BHP. This process
target for FY2030, Scope 3 goals and changes to executive guides the development of plans, targets and budgets to help
remuneration. These were discussed and approved by the us decide where to deploy our capital and resources. The IRCs
ELT, before being presented to the relevant Committees provide endorsement for whether to progress these projects
and the Board. In June 2020, members of the ELT and senior based on qualitative and quantitative measures. Execution is
management presented at and participated in the Board’s monitored through periodic reporting on key performance
deep dive relating to climate change and strategy. ELT indicators (KPIs).
members have also been involved in reviewing climate change
disclosures for the BHP Annual Report 2020 and this Report. Operating model
BHP has a dedicated Climate Change Team that sits within
Capital Allocation and Investment
our External Affairs function and is responsible for advising
Review Committees the ELT on BHP’s response to climate change. The team
collaborates with BHP’s Functions and Asset teams, external
BHP’s Investment Review Committees (IRCs) provide oversight
partners and industry to develop practical climate change
for investment processes across BHP, including the investment
solutions, designed to preserve and unlock long-term value
review process. The purpose of the IRCs is to support relevant
for BHP. It regularly prepares information and advice for the
decision-makers in assessing investment decisions using a
ELT, Sustainability Committee, Risk and Audit Committee and
transparent and rigorous governance process. This is to ensure
the Board on climate-related strategy, risks and performance
that investments are aligned with BHP’s purpose, strategy and
against climate-related metrics. The team also monitors key
values, as well as with the Group’s capital priorities and plans;
risk indicators to monitor performance against our appetite
key threats and opportunities are identified and managed;
for climate change-related risks.
and shareholder value is optimised, on a risk-informed basis.
Climate-related activity is also undertaken across the
The Capital Allocation Framework, outlined in Figure 2,
Group, including in our Portfolio Strategy and Development,
provides an overarching hierarchy for the potential uses of
Commercial, Planning and Technical and Environment teams.
surplus operating cash and is used for short, medium and
These activities are overseen by the Climate Change Steering
long-term decision making and planning processes.
Committee, which is made up of senior management
Capital is prioritised from a portfolio perspective consistent
representing our operated assets and Commercial team, plus
with long-term strategy, to ensure maximum value and returns.
Legal, Governance, Finance, Planning and Investor Relations
Operational decarbonisation projects will be considered as
functions. The Steering Committee and Climate Change Team
part of the maintenance capital category within this framework
are supported by the Climate Change Working Group, which
along with risk reduction, asset integrity, compliance,
acts as a coordination point for climate-related activity across
transformation initiatives, and major, minor and sustaining
BHP’s functions.
projects that preserve value at our operated assets. This will
enable consideration of a full risk assessment across qualitative
Figure 2: Climate change is embedded into our strategic decision making
Decarbonisation projects are assessed against alternative uses of free cash through the Capital Allocation Framework
Operating productivity Capital productivity
Net operating cash flow
Maintenance capital (1) Strong balance sheet Minimum 50% payout ratio dividend
Excess cash flow
Debt reduction Additional dividends Buy-backs Organic development Acquisitions/divestments
Maximise value and returns
(1) Maintenance capital includes spend on asset integrity, risk reduction, compliance, sustaining capacity/cost, transformation initiatives and climate change.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 11
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

2 Taking action through targets, goals and strategies
Our Purpose is to bring people and resources together to build a better world. Our Strategy, as illustrated in Figure 3, is to have the
best culture and capabilities, best commodities and best assets in order to create long-term value and high returns. Transformation,
capital discipline and social value, including a focus on climate change and building deep and authentic relationships with local,
regional and global stakeholders, enable the successful execution of our strategy. The materials we provide are central to modern
life and we constantly evolve our approach so we can continue to deliver them sustainably into the future. Our focus on
productivity means we believe that we will do a better job of efficiently producing the resources that the world needs,
with a lower emissions footprint than most others can achieve.
FOiguurr es t3r.a Oteugr syt rtaot emgya xtoim miasxeim viasleu vea launed a nrde truetrunrsn s
To have industry-leading capabilities applied to a portfolio of world-class assets in the most attractive commodities
Culture and capabilities Best Commodities
that enable the execution culture and Best with high economic
of our business strategy capabilities commodities rent potential
Value and returns
Best assets
Assets
that are resilient through the cycle
and have embedded growth options
Our commodities can play an important part in the transition We use analytical tools focused on bottom-up forecast ranges,
to a low carbon future. Our iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper divergent hypotheses, and scenarios to consider how policy,
and nickel provide the essential building blocks for renewable regulation, technology, markets and society could impact our
power generation and electric vehicles. Our potash fertiliser portfolio. We also continually monitor a range of data sources
options can promote more efficient and more profitable to identify climate-related developments that would serve as
agriculture and alleviate the increased competition for arable a call to action for us to reassess our portfolio strategy.
land from reforestation and negative emissions technologies,
Our Purpose and Our Strategy provide a clear direction for our
including bioenergy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS).
climate change strategy. We focus on reducing our operational
We also expect gas and energy coal to continue to be required
GHG emissions; supporting emissions reductions in our value
for power generation and industrial applications, and oil for
chain; partnering to accelerate the transition to a low carbon
mobility, for decades.
future; promoting product stewardship; identifying signposts
Climate change influences both the fundamentals of our for climate-related risk and opportunity through our portfolio
business and societal expectations. Understanding these analysis; and working with others to enhance the global policy
dynamics is critical to developing a sustainable portfolio and market response. Implementing this strategy will help
positioned to thrive in an evolving external environment. support continued demand for BHP’s commodities.
12 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

2.1 Portfolio analysis
We have previously published two climate-related portfolio The further we project into the future, the wider the range
analysis reports: Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis (2015) of uncertainty we face. By expanding the set of scenarios
and Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis – Views after Paris we consider, we are able to examine divergent pathways for
(2016), which are available online at bhp.com/climate. the biggest and most durable trends, determine the balance
of risks that these external trends pose to the resilience of our
Since these reports were published, the Paris Agreement
portfolio and investment decisions, and identify how well
has entered into force; countries have set their first nationally
placed we are to act on opportunities they may present.
determined contributions (NDCs); the International Energy
We also identify the signals required to monitor the direction
Agency has published updates to its World Energy Outlook,
and pace of the progress of these trends.
including its energy scenarios; and the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has published its report, There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and
Global warming of 1.5°C (8). The IPCC states that limiting global it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might
warming to 2°C may avoid some material climate change eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes
impacts, but the consequences will be significantly worse than for us. Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may
if global warming can be limited to 1.5°C. The transition to a not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not eventuate,
1.5°C world will require tremendous effort, but the IPCC report and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the
highlights that the effort can be worth the reward of more assumptions disclosed.
secure communities, ecosystems and economies.
Our stakeholders have sought to understand how these
developments might impact our strategy and portfolio How we think about and use carbon pricing
resilience. In July 2019, we committed to update our
climate-related portfolio analysis in 2020 to evaluate the Regional carbon taxes, levies or allowances, or
potential impacts of a broader range of scenarios, including emissions trading schemes (ETS), are becoming
a transition to ‘well below’ 2°C. In this Report, we describe core increasingly important mechanisms to drive
elements of our latest portfolio analysis, including a decarbonisation. We forecast carbon prices to reach
1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario, a non-linear, higher temperature between US$10-40/tCO2e in 2030 in the Central Energy
Climate Crisis scenario, a Central Energy View and a Lower View and US$25-110/tCO2e in 2030 in the Lower Carbon
Carbon View. View (9). To derive these prices, we segment relevant
countries into three tiers depending on their observed
and projected level of decarbonisation ambition. We
Scenario analysis approach would expect a single global carbon price to hasten
BHP develops planning cases to inform our strategic choices decarbonisation across sectors, however, signposts
and the timing of their execution, and to underpin our rigorous indicate that regional differences are likely to persist at
annual corporate planning process. These planning cases least until 2030. Where we have no internal view on a
consist of plausible commodity-specific forecast ranges country, we adopt the International Energy Agency’s (IEA)
(high, mid and low cases) that are developed through in-depth, Stated Policy Scenario long run carbon price position.
rigorous bottom-up analysis. To understand the range of We include our carbon price forecasts in scenario
plausible outcomes for each commodity, we first develop modelling to determine the competitiveness of fuels
long-term views on the common assumptions on issues across sectors. Our forecasts are also taken into account
that influence all of our markets, such as population, carbon in investment decisions and asset valuations. We are also
pricing, and economic and financial variables (e.g. GDP, developing a quantitative investment metric that proposes
exchange rates, inflation). Each independent set of common to weigh our operational emissions medium-term target
assumptions is developed in line with an overarching and long-term goal against an offset price forecast and an
description of the international policy environment. internal abatement project cost curve. This would differ
These common assumptions are complemented by long term from our carbon price forecasts and inform the implied
views on key sectors, developed through scenario analysis, costs and benefits of our decarbonisation initiatives,
that consider competition between substitutable commodities, allowing us to prioritise and rank those initiatives based
services or technologies, and analyses these trade-offs in an on an implied price on carbon.
integrated way. The most important of these
are Primary Energy and Transport, both of which have many
competing routes to deliver basic services (e.g. providing heat
to homes or getting commuters to work). Once these dynamics
have been fully considered, we derive our final planning ranges
for demand, supply and price for our commodities.
(8) https://www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/sites/2/2019/06/SR15_Full_Report_High_Res.pdf
(9) Carbon pricing is typically set in local currencies and therefore pricing is subject to movements in foreign exchange rates and inflation. We revise our forecasts
periodically in line with CPI and FX forecast updates.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 13
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Scenario analysis update
Given the rapid pace of external change, we have conducted portfolio analysis based on four energy system scenarios,
to examine the impact of different economic, policy and societal changes:
• Central Energy View reflects existing policy trends and commitments, and tracks to approximately 3°C temperature
increase above pre-industrial levels by 2100
• Lower Carbon View tracks to approximately 2.5°C temperature increase by 2100 and accelerates decarbonisation trends
and policies, particularly in easier-to-abate sectors such as power generation and light duty vehicles
• Climate Crisis scenario has strong growth with limited climate action for a decade and a half, followed by a climate crisis
which precipitates an extremely steep decarbonisation trajectory, societal turmoil and low GDP growth
• 1.5°C scenario, which aligns with the goals of the Paris Agreement and requires steep global annual emissions
reductions, sustained for decades to stay within a 1.5°C carbon budget
These scenarios were developed prior to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore any possible effects of the
pandemic were not considered in the modelling, although it has been accounted for in our short-run forecasts and
considered in our strategic decision-making.
Central Energy View (~3°C) 2020 – 2050
Reflects our views on the most likely pathway for policy, technology, and consumer choice
The Central Energy View is driven by the current Assumptions and outputs:
and announced policy environment, and overlaid by
Population in 2050 Based on UN forecast
current and prospective technological options available
9.8 billion
to decarbonise.
Under this view, total primary energy demand (TPED) TPED TPED grows at ~1% CAGR
to 2050;
grows slightly faster than population, while the energy
intensity of GDP declines steadily. The demands of a Energy intensity of GDP ~50% improvement in
growing, wealthier population, with an additional 2.5 energy intensity
billion people flowing into urban areas, are only partially
offset by efficiency gains. As a result, TPED is ~30 per cent Rate of energy-related +0.3% CAGR to 2050
emissions reductions
higher in 2050 than today. Cumulative TPED over the next
30 years is 60 per cent higher than in the last 30 years. Carbon prices (US$/tCO2e) Regional carbon prices range
Power: grows at roughly twice the rate of the aggregate from ~$10-40/t in 2030
TPED, as more processes are electrified and more people
Fossil fuel share of primary ~70%
gain access to electricity in the developing world. energy by 2050
Large-scale cost reductions in wind and solar generation
lead to a much larger share for both on a global level by Peak year for coal (energy and Coal peaks in the late 2030s;
2050, with energy coal reducing substantially in the OECD metallurgical) and oil demand oil (liquids) peaks in the
mid-2030s
power mix. Energy coal maintains its dominance in the
power mix for large developing countries for at least two Uptake of EVs in light duty 75% of sales in 2050
decades, due to the current low average plant age and vehicle segment
affordability concerns. When these plants retire in the late
2030s and early 2040s, the drop-off for energy coal is Implications of the Central Energy View scenario for
material. Natural gas plays an important role for baseload BHP’s commodities:
generation where supply is cheap, and for supporting • Copper and nickel benefit from electrification, though
renewables integration where it is more costly. at a slower pace, equivalent to our mid planning case.
• Oil (liquids) demand slowly increases over the next
Transport: The twin levers of efficiency gains and
decade, hitting a plateau in the early 2030s.
electrification of transport lead to a plateau in oil
demand in the medium term, with demand eventually • Natural gas demand grows fastest among the
turning negative. energy commodities and does not reach a peak
pre-2050, though we still do not expect it to play
Industry: coal and oil are resilient in industry, although
a major role in baseload-power outside of regions with
we do anticipate a switch to gas where feasible. Unlike
a cheap resource.
in the power sector, industry will find it much more
• Coal’s losses in the OECD power mix are partially offset
difficult to shift away from fossil fuels, particularly
by its affordability advantage in lower ambition climate
metallurgical coal (in steel), energy coal (in cement),
regions, and by on-going needs from harder-to-abate
and oil (in petrochemicals).
processes like steel and cement.
14 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Lower Carbon View (~21⁄2°C) 2020 – 2050
Reflects faster and deeper decarbonisation trends and policies, particularly in easier to abate sectors
The Lower Carbon View is based on equivalent energy Assumptions and outputs:
services to the Central Energy View, but assumes more
Population in 2050 Based on UN forecast
efficient primary energy input and GHG emissions output
9.8 billion
based on aggressive policies and more rapid technological
diffusion. In particular, renewables, EVs, and energy TPED TPED grows at ~0.5% CAGR
efficiency are pushed to the plausible boundary. to 2050;
Overall trends are dictated by lowest-cost energy
Energy intensity of GDP ~60% improvement in
solutions, subject to the prevailing policy environment,
energy intensity
rather than large-scale shifts in societal preferences.
Power: Wind and solar grow to make up over half of Rate of energy-related -0.6% CAGR to 2050
emissions reductions
electricity generation by 2050. To accommodate this, we
assume the technical challenges of integrating very large Carbon prices (US$/tCO2e) Regional carbon prices range
amounts of variable renewable generation into grids are from ~$25-110/t in 2030
overcome. Gas loses market share in the power sector to
renewables with battery storage. Nuclear plays an Fossil fuel share of primary ~60%
energy by 2050
important role for longer than in the Central Energy View,
with plant lifetimes extended in advanced economies. Peak year for coal (energy and Coal already peaked; oil
Energy coal is a casualty of downgrading the importance metallurgical) and oil demand (liquids) peaks in mid to
of affordability: it has already peaked in this scenario. late 2020s
Transport: Additional policies banning internal Uptake of EVs in light duty 100% of sales in 2050
combustion engines (ICEs) in many regions and charging vehicle segment
infrastructure roll outs enable an even faster EV ramp-up
than in the Central Energy View. By 2050, 100 per cent Implications of the Lower Carbon View scenario for
sales penetration for light vehicles and the majority of BHP’s commodities:
buses sold globally. • Copper and nickel are advantaged by the acceleration
in electrification of end use sectors.
Industry: We assume some decarbonisation inroads
• Oil (liquids) demand peaks in the mid to late 2020s,
are made in harder-to-abate sectors, with most gains
though the decline rate in supply requires the market
manifesting in the industrial sector’s switch from coal
to continue to induce new production.
and oil to natural gas. Large cost and infrastructure
challenges to full decarbonisation remain. Carbon • Natural gas demand declines post-2040 due to
capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) still does not loss of market share in power to renewables paired
penetrate in a major way. with battery storage.
• Uranium demand peaks in the mid-2030s as plant
lifetimes are extended.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 15
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Climate Crisis scenario 2020 – 2050
Climate shock leads to environmental and societal turmoil
Climate Crisis is a non-linear scenario that describes Assumptions and outputs:
a period of strong growth without climate action for
Population in 2050 Based on UN forecast
a decade and a half, followed by a period of societal
9.8 billion
turmoil once a climate crisis hits. The shock leads to a
massive economic contraction. This provokes a dramatic TPED growth Pre-crisis: Post-crisis:
reorientation of the global energy system, and forceful +1.7% CAGR -1.7% CAGR
global collective action to attempt to achieve incredible
Energy intensity of GDP ~50% improvement in energy
levels of decarbonisation in the remainder of the period.
intensity by 2050
As a result, emissions reduce on a steep trajectory in the
latter period to 2050. Rate of energy-related Pre-crisis: Post-crisis:
emissions growth +1.2% CAGR -4.1% CAGR
Pre-shock: The initial period sees high economic
growth and a complacent approach to addressing climate Carbon prices Pre-crisis: Post-crisis:
change, with emissions rising steadily. The growth in TPED (US$/tCO2e) <$10/t $160/t by 2050
in this period is consistent with our high planning case for
living standards, but those energy services are delivered Fossil fuel share of primary Pre-crisis: Post-crisis:
energy demand 76% 56%
with relatively less progress made on decarbonisation.
Energy coal and natural gas continue to provide an Peak year for coal Coal and oil (liquids) peak around
important power generation source, accounting for (energy and metallurgical) 2035, pre-climate crisis
approximately 40 per cent of generating capacity by and oil demand
the end of pre-shock period. Wind and solar growth
Uptake of EVs in light duty Pre-crisis: Post-crisis:
are slower to take off but in regions where clean energy
vehicle segment ~10% of sales 100% by late
technology costs are already less expensive, wind and
2030s
solar are developed. Oil demand in transport increases
as electrification of transport is delayed. Implications of the Climate Crisis scenario for
BHP’s commodities:
Climate shock: A series of assumed physical climate
change effects cluster around 2035 and a recession • In the pre-shock period, the Climate Crisis
is assumed to be the result. The macroeconomic scenario is characterised by high economic
contraction endures for several years before the global growth which advantages almost all of our
economy eventually stabilises at a much lower level than commodities through demand growth, although
in the initial high growth period. The turning point delivers copper and nickel are deprived of their decarbonisation
a mandate to governments around the world to enact green-growth opportunities.
wide-sweeping climate policies. • In the post-shock period, the assumed low economic
Post-shock: Policymakers accelerate clean energy growth induced by the climate crisis has a significant
penetration and decarbonisation solutions at an adverse effect on all commodities. While copper and
unprecedented rate in a bid to slow the physical nickel benefit from the extraordinarily rapid rates of
climate change effects. Wind and solar’s share in the electrification in the transport and power sectors,
power mix grows from one fifth to almost half by the primary demand for these commodities would be
end of the scenario. Pro-EV policies phase out internal partially offset by the likely significant increases in
combustion engine vehicles, and by 2050, light duty recycling. Energy coal, oil, gas and steelmaking raw
vehicles are virtually decarbonised. Heavy industry still materials would be affected by permanently lower
finds it difficult to shift away from fossil fuels, but retrofits demand, as a result of the lower absolute GDP post the
and new build CCUS facilities ensure emissions are shock. Within the energy commodities, demand is also
captured. The carbon price is assumed to increase disrupted by substitution to cleaner forms of energy.
to a global average of greater than US$160/t to support • Supply disruptions from assumed physical climate
the large-scale transitions. change effects across this scenario could place
Limitations: The Climate Crisis scenario does not additional upward pressure on costs and cause
consider the compound impacts of the events or physical significant market volatility.
climate change effects described on commodity markets
or the potential secondary social, economic and political
impacts, which could amplify the impact.
16 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

[Table 1 — Page 18]
Climate Crisis scenario 2020 – 2050 Climate shock leads to environmental and societal turmoil |
----------------------------------------

1.5°C scenario
Unprecedented sectoral and regional transitions to reduce emissions
In FY2020, we consulted with Vivid Economics (10) to conduct an assessment of commodity demand in a 1.5°C scenario.
This work delivers on our commitment to evaluate the potential impacts of a transition to ‘well below’ 2°C on our
portfolio and strategy. Limiting the average global temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels is a key
global aspiration, however there is limited information in the public domain on the impacts of a 1.5°C scenario on the
energy and resource sectors. This work with Vivid Economics is described below.
Assumptions and outputs:
Population in 2050 Population based on SSP2 (11)
TPED TPED shrinks at -0.2% CAGR to 2050
Energy intensity of GDP ~97% improvement in energy intensity
Rate of energy-related emissions reductions -3.8% CAGR to 2050
Carbon prices (US$/tCO2e) Effective global carbon price of $160/t in 2030 and $280 in 2050
Fossil fuel share of primary energy by 2050 ~50%
Peak year for coal (energy and metallurgical) and oil demand Coal and oil already peaked
Uptake of EVs in light duty vehicle segment 100% of sales in 2040
To stay within a carbon budget that keeps global warming Industry: In the period to 2050, the industrial sector
to no more than 1.5°C, the scenario requires steep global decarbonises through fuel switching to gas, electrification,
annual emissions reductions, sustained for decades. and CCUS. Iron and steel production is increasingly
As shown in Figure 4, the pathway would require every scrap-based and gradually shifts some production towards
sector of the economy to decarbonise, in addition to the direct reduced iron (DRI) route, though the blast furnace
massive negative emissions contributions, particularly route still accounts for over half of production in 2050.
from forestry. Global energy system emissions would
Hydrogen fails to launch at scale before 2050, and the
decrease by 70 per cent by 2050 (compared to the
small amounts that do eventuate are produced from
roughly 60 per cent increase from 1990-2019) and the
natural gas with CCUS. Otherwise, hydrogen struggles
fossil fuel share in primary energy would decline to about
to compete with biomass and the direct application
half by 2050.
of CCUS. This is despite assumptions of aggressive
This scenario represents a major departure from today’s electrolyser cost reductions, based on technologies in
global trajectory. The model therefore assumes urgent development today. The demand for oil as a feedstock
action with major global shifts in the 2020s and 2030s. for the chemicals industry continues to grow.
By 2050, the energy system would need to have undergone
Carbon capture, usage and storage: CCUS must ramp-up
unprecedented sectoral and regional transitions to reduce
rapidly over the next 30 years to meet the 1.5°C trajectory.
emissions sufficiently to meet the 1.5°C target.
CCUS is particularly critical in the industrial sector where
Power: By 2050, power generation is essentially electrification can only reach so far. Despite the rapid
decarbonised through a large-scale shift to renewables, decarbonisation of the power sector, there is still a need for
supplemented by nuclear and a ramp-up of gas generation negative emissions technologies in order to meet the carbon
with CCUS. Compounding the challenge, demand for budget. Some of this is generated through forestry, but by
electricity grows by 80 per cent as the transport and 2050, over a billion tonnes of carbon dioxide is taken from
buildings sectors rapidly electrify. The simultaneous the atmosphere through BECCS, as shown in Figure 5. In
increase in demand, and the need to transform power total, over 5Gt CO2e per year is stored by 2050, compared
generation infrastructure, results in 13,000 GW of with about 40Mtpa today. Although the model limits CCUS
additional renewable capacity needing to be built before in some sectors to reflect the barriers to adoption of this
2050 – almost twice today’s total global generation technology at large scale and affordable cost, this scenario
capacity. Solar, wind, hydropower and nuclear provide still requires about 10,000 facilities using CCUS by 2050.
almost 80 per cent of generation in 2050.
Agriculture: The 1.5°C scenario assumes that agricultural
Transport: The passenger transport and bus sectors technologies, including selective breeding, genetic
are almost entirely electrified by 2040, in addition to modification and improved irrigation, increase agricultural
electrification of more than half of heavy-duty transport. productivity rapidly, which leads to more land being
This electrification results in a massive scale-up of demand available for forest cover and production of biofuels.
for batteries.
However, the growth of biofuels for BECCS, and the
By 2050, oil demand halves, with the remaining demand reforestation and afforestation required as negative
coming from aviation and marine transportation, as well emissions technologies, would necessitate access to
as from industry. significant land mass globally by 2050, equivalent to
about three-quarters of the land area of Australia.
(10) Vivid Economics is a strategic economic consultancy based in London. Their primary focus is in agriculture, forestry and land use, energy, industry,
manufacturing and mining, oil and gas, transport and logistics, and water.
(11) We used an Integrated Assessment Model to develop the 1.5°C scenario which integrates with SSP2, a ‘Middle of the Road’ Shared Socio-economic Pathways
scenario for projected socioeconomic global changes up to 2100. See https://www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/sites/2/2019/02/SR15_Chapter2_Low_Res.pdf.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 17
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

[Table 1 — Page 19]
1.5°C scenario Unprecedented sectoral and regional transitions to reduce emissions |
----------------------------------------

Population growth drives up overall demand for food, • Gas demand is resilient, though it would need to be
but to stay within the carbon budget, and to meet the paired with CCUS. Hydrogen is not developed at scale,
additional demands of the energy system, this scenario though this conclusion could change with policy support,
envisions 25 per cent of ruminant meat consumption improved economics or if alternatives do not develop at
switching to other proteins by 2050. the rate expected.
Limitations: Limitations of the 1.5°C scenario analysis • The resources sector would be required to accelerate
include a lack of regional disaggregation; optimisation decarbonisation ambitions.
of the energy mix based on expected costs of different
Although there have been examples of rapid change in
technologies, which reduces the reliability of outlooks for
specific technologies or sectors in the past, there is no
less mature technologies; no account for the potential for
precedent for the rate of change at the scale required for
localised policies to help accelerate technology learning
this 1.5 ̊C scenario. Rapid transitions would be needed
curves or adoption rates; and the impact of changing
across energy, land, industrial, and agricultural systems.
prices of resources on technology competiveness is
Such transitions would require substantial new investments
not factored in.
in low emissions and negative emissions technologies and
Implications of the 1.5°C scenario for BHP’s commodities: energy and process efficiency. To enable this
• The dramatic pace of electrification in this scenario transformation, the carbon price in this scenario increases
significantly amplifies the advantages of copper and to ~US$160/t by 2030 and ~$280/t by 2050. The rising
nickel demand versus planning cases. carbon price is particularly important to incentivise
sufficient CCUS capacity to meet the carbon budget.
• Construction of renewables, particularly wind power,
The IPCC report, Global warming of 1.5°C (12) finds that if the
benefits steel demand, supporting growth in iron ore.
1.5 ̊C goal is to be met, investments in these technologies
Share of steel produced via the blast furnace route is in
would need to increase by roughly a factor of six by 2050
line with our planning cases.
compared to 2015 levels. This scenario also incorporates
• Potash benefits modestly, with upside risk arising from traits of a circular economy in the resource value chains,
the potential for greater penetration of biofuels. to levels which are significantly beyond current practice.
• Energy coal demand is reduced to nil and the nuclear
industry benefits, while oil faces strong headwinds.
Figure 4: 1.5°C Scenario: Total (energy and forestry) and Sectoral GHG Emissions to 2050
● Annual emissions - Energy – Net emissions - Energy
● Annual negative emissions - Energy – Net emissions - Total
● Annual negative emissions - Forestry
Figure 5: CCUS + BECCS in 1.5°C Scenario
e2OCtG
2020 2030 2040 2050
● Agriculture ● Transport
● Industry ● Electricity production
● Residential/Commercial
e2OCtG
2020 2030 2040 2050
e2OCtG
2020 2030 2040 2050
● Fossil fuel electricity with CCUS ● Industry + gas + CCUS ● BECCS
● Industry + coal + CCUS ● Industry + CCUS (other)
(12) https://www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/sites/2/2019/06/SR15_Full_Report_High_Res.pdf
18 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

[Table 1 — Page 20]
| |
----------------------------------------
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |

[Table 2 — Page 20]

----------------------------------------


Portfolio assessment
The range of plausible outcomes for each commodity copper and nickel. However, today’s signposts do not indicate
is developed through detailed assessments of supply that the appropriate measures are in place to drive
fundamentals, market balance and size, and value chain decarbonisation at the pace nor scale required for the 1.5°C
dynamics and resilience. These assessments are the basis for scenario. If we see the necessary changes in our signposts,
determining whether we view a commodity as attractive. BHP we will adjust our planning cases accordingly. Given the long
uses the Central Energy View and Lower Carbon View as inputs lead times for new investments, we will continue to stress test
to our planning cases. our decision-making with updated strategic themes and
scenarios to better understand emerging opportunities.
The Climate Crisis scenario is not an attractive scenario for
BHP, nor our shareholders or the global community. The loss of Our latest portfolio analysis leads to our view that demand for
decarbonisation green-growth opportunities in the first period our commodities is likely to be higher in the next 30 years than
would negatively impact growth options in copper and nickel, in the past 30 years, as shown in Figure 6, except for energy
and the impact of the climate crisis on GDP growth would coal and oil in the 1.5°C scenario and energy coal in the
result in steelmaking raw materials being jolted onto Climate Crisis scenario. In Figure 6, the baseline of 100 per
permanently lower demand paths. Energy coal and oil would cent represents the cumulative demand over the period
be doubly impacted post the climate crisis through lower GDP CY1990-2019. The dots represent the cumulative demand for
growth and steep decarbonisation. In addition, BHP would be each commodity over the next 30 years, based
addressing potential physical climate impacts on operated on the respective scenarios.
assets, managing the resulting increase in costs and facing
As shown in Figure 6, cumulative demand for copper, nickel
risks to the integrity of BHP’s assets.
and potash over the next 30 years show the greatest potential
Our analysis of this Climate Crisis scenario underscores our increase over the last 30 years. For copper and nickel this is
commitment to advocate for public policy solutions and our due to the faster uptake of renewable energy technologies and
broader advocacy strategy as described later in this Report in higher rates of electrification. With EVs requiring four times as
section 2.6 Advocacy strategy. much copper as ICEs and demand for lithium ion batteries
surging, copper and nickel are well-advantaged (13). We assume In contrast, the 1.5°C scenario is an attractive scenario for BHP,
strong penetration of the scrap-based steel production route
our shareholders and the global community. The 1.5°C scenario
over the next 30 years, effectively capping iron ore and
challenges demand profiles for the traditional energy industry
metallurgical coal production.
but heightens the swing to electrification and the growth of
renewable energy, creating additional opportunities to grow in
Figure 6. Cumulative demand in the next 30 years compared to the last 30 years
Cumulative demand in the next 30 years compared to the last 30 years
(100% = CY1990-CY2019 cumulative demand)
Iron ore (1) Metallurgical coal (1) Nickel (2) Copper (2) Natural gas Oil Uranium (3) Energy coal Potash
 1.5°C scenario  Central Energy View  Lower Carbon View  Climate Crisis scenario
Source: BHP, Vivid Economics.
(1) Iron ore and Metallurgical coal demand accounts for Contestable Market = Global seaborne market plus Chinese domestic demand
(2) Nickel and Copper demand references primary metal
(3) Nuclear power was used as a proxy for historic cumulative demand for Uranium
(13) Note that in our copper pricing protocols, we range EV copper intensity across the low, mid and high cases to capture uncertainty on the composition of the
future vehicle fleet in terms of size/weight. We assume 60kgs in the low, 80kgs in the mid and 100kgs in the high.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 19
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Portfolio assessment continued
The outlook for natural gas is strong over the next 30 years, Figure 8 shows rolling present value of unlevered free cash
in comparison with the last 30 years. The cumulative demand flows in the 1.5°C scenario, Lower Carbon View and Climate
outlook for gas in the 1.5°C scenario and the Climate Crisis Crisis scenario, relative to our Central Energy View, over the
scenario is at the lower end of the range due to the early next 30 years. Our portfolio analysis indicates that the
retirement of gas-fired generation, although gas demand scenarios with greater decarbonisation, 1.5°C scenario and
could be buoyed by opportunities to replace coal and oil in Lower Carbon View, may present greater upside to our current
hard-to-abate sectors in these scenarios. The adoption of portfolio and create additional opportunities for growth in
CCUS in the 1.5°C scenario also supports continued operation future-facing commodities. However, as noted above, the
of gas-fired generation through to 2050. challenge of transitioning to a 1.5°C world is profound and
would require an unprecedented level of global collaboration
The outlook for oil is stronger in the Central Energy View,
and shared commitment across all sectors of society.
Lower Carbon View and Climate Crisis scenario than historical
trends, but less favourable in the 1.5°C scenario, primarily due Transitioning the global economy over the next 30 years, on a
to the early, fast uptake of EVs and decarbonisation of non- trajectory consistent with the Paris Agreement goals, would
road transport in this scenario. Nevertheless, new upstream oil limit potential global climate-related impacts, including
supply would still need to be induced to meet long-term oil physical climate change risks at our assets, and potentially
demand. The critical uncertainties for each commodity as the generate significant value for our portfolio. The need to adapt
world decarbonises are captured in Figure 7. also grows as the global average temperature rises, suggesting
that transitioning to a 1.5°C world could limit the costs
Our updated portfolio analysis demonstrates that our
associated with adaptation in many regions, compared to
business can continue to thrive over the next 30 years,
higher temperature trajectories. We will also continue to
as the global community takes action to decarbonise, even
advocate for actions in line with the Paris Agreement goals and
under a Paris-aligned 1.5°C trajectory. If such action is taken,
seek partnerships to leverage our own investments in low
opportunities to invest in commodities such as potash, nickel
emissions and negative emissions technologies and natural
and copper and our rigorous approach to capital allocation
climate solutions.
would provide a strong foundation for our business.
Figure 7. Critical uncertainties impacting BHP’s commodities in a decarbonising environment
Commodity Critical uncertainties
Iron ore ▲ Steel required to support infrastructure for electrification
 Direct Reduced Iron (DRI) technology increases its share of the market
▼ Electric arc furnace route is assumed to increase
Metallurgical coal ▲ Steel required to support infrastructure for electrification
▲ Higher quality metallurgical coal ore preferred to support emissions reductions
 CCUS is one of the lowest cost abatement technologies for steel plants in most regions
▼ Increase in top gas recycling (TGR) and pulverised coal injection (PCI) substitution by partial hydrogen injection
Nickel ▲ Speed of electric vehicle and stationary power storage penetration
▲ New supply incentivised
▼ Increased recycling of nickel from batteries longer term
▼ Potential move away from nickel-rich battery chemistries
Copper ▲ Electrification of primary energy demand across sectors and grid build out to support
▼ Higher recycling rates and substitution
Gas ▲ Fuel switching to gas from coal and oil in harder-to-abate industries
▲ Potential to retrofit remaining gas plants with CCUS
▼ Forced early closure of gas-fired power
Oil ▲ New oil supply required to meet long term demand
▼ Roll out of electric vehicles and substitution to lower carbon fuels in industrial uses
Uranium ▲ Steady growth in nuclear power to provide valuable zero emissions baseload
▲ Small scale nuclear reactors to support industrial complexes
▼ Challenge to gain social acceptance of nuclear power stations
Energy coal ▼ Forced early closure of coal-fired power plants
Potash ▲ Biomass crop production for first or second-generation bioenergy crops
▼ Decrease in meat consumption and food wastage
▲ Positive impact  Neutral impact ▼ Negative impact
20 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Rolling present value (1) relative to Central Energy View
FY2020 FY2030 FY2040 FY2050
–– 1.5°C scenario – – Central Energy View –– Lower Carbon View –– Climate Crisis scenario
emit
revo
eulav
evitaleR
Figure 8. Rolling present value (1) relative to Central Energy View
(1) Present value of unlevered free cash flows. Data in this chart is based on our current portfolio and does not include any potential future divestments.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 21
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

2.2 Reducing our GHG emissions
Operational GHG emissions – short-term target
Reducing GHG emissions at our operated assets is a key component of our climate change strategy. We have set public GHG
emissions reduction targets since the 1990s and regularly review them as our strategy and circumstances change. As shown in
Figure 9, we have reduced our operational emissions in line with our targets. We have built our processes and developed a culture
focussed on identifying opportunities for emissions reductions. As we track to a net-zero goal, it will be important to be even more
innovative and seek collaborations to identify least cost abatement opportunities.
BHP’s strong track record in meeting our GHG targets for operated assets
Year Target (14) Result
FY1998 Reduce GHG intensity by 10% by FY2000 Achieved 12% reduction
FY2002 Reduce GHG intensity by 5% by FY2007 Achieved 6% reduction
FY2006 Reduce GHG intensity by 13% by FY2017 Achieved 15% reduction
FY2012 Hold absolute operational GHG emissions below FY2006 baseline (15) by FY2017 Achieved target (21% below baseline)
By FY2022, maintain operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels (16),
FY2017 On track
while we continue to grow our business
Figure 9: Historical operational emission and targets (1)
Millions of tonnes CO-e
FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
● Scope 1 (2) FY2017 baseline (4)
● Scope 2 (3) FY2006 baseline (5)
● Onshore US
(1) Scope 1 and 2 emissions have been calculated based on an operational control approach in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard. Includes data for Continuing and Discontinued operations for the financial years being reported. Comparisons of
data over the period FY2015 to FY2016 should be made with consideration of the divestment of South32 during FY2015 (FY2015 data excludes
emissions from South32 operations between the date of the divestment and 30 June 2015). Data over the period FY2017 to FY2019 is displayed with
Onshore US emissions shown separately for comparability (12 months of emissions in FY2017 and FY2018, and four months of emissions in FY2019 prior
to divestment of this asset).
(2) Scope 1 refers to direct GHG emissions from operated assets.
(3) Scope 2 refers to indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling that is consumed by
operated assets. Our Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the market-based method using supplier specific emission factors, in line with the
Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 2 Guidance unless otherwise specified. A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary purchases and
this may result in double counting between electricity consumers.
(4) FY2017 is the base year for our current five-year GHG emissions reduction target, which took effect from FY2018. The FY2017 baseline has been
adjusted for the divestment of our Onshore US assets to ensure ongoing comparability of performance. The baseline will continue to be adjusted for
any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction; carbon offsets will be used as required.
(5) The FY2006 baseline was adjusted as necessary for material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the applicable
transaction. This was the baseline for our prior five-year GHG emission reduction target.
Our current short-term target for FY2022 is to maintain our total operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels (17) while
we continue to grow our business. While our annual emissions are currently higher than FY2017 levels, our asset-level emissions
forecasts show we are on track to meet our FY2022 target, due primarily to implementation of renewable energy contracts in
Chile in FY2022.
(14) Comparisons of target periods should be made with consideration of the divestments that occurred in those periods and adjustments to the baselines.
(15) The FY2006 baseline was adjusted as necessary for material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the applicable transaction.
This was the baseline for our prior five-year GHG emission reduction target.
(16) FY2017 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be
used as required.
(17) FY2017 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be
used as required.
22 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

[Table 1 — Page 24]
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |

Operational GHG emissions – FY2020 performance
Reducing our operational emissions is a key performance indicator for our business and our performance against our targets is
reflected in senior executive and leadership remuneration. BHP has disclosed Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions totals based on an
operational control approach to boundaries for many years. In FY2020, BHP has for the first time also disclosed total emissions
under a financial control approach and an equity share approach, providing more detail on emissions associated with our
investments (refer to section 6.6.4 Climate change – performance data in the BHP Annual Report 2020, available online at bhp.
com). BHP’s operational emissions targets continue to be measured against our GHG emissions based on an operational control,
market-based method. See the BHP Annual Report 2020 for more information.
Table 1: Operational GHG emissions by source (million tonnes CO2-e) (1) (2) (3) (4)
Year ended 30 June
2020 2019 2018 2017
Scope 1 GHG emissions (5) 9.5 9.7 10.6 10.5
Scope 2 GHG emissions (6) 6.3 6.1 6.4 5.8
Total operational GHG emissions 15.8 15.8 17.0 16.3
Total operational GHG emissions (adjusted for Discontinued operations) (7) 15.8 15.3 15.3 14.6
Operational GHG emissions intensity (tonnes CO2-e per tonne of copper equivalent production) (8) 2.0 2.4 2.4 2.2
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions covered under an emissions-limiting regulation (9) 79% 74% 81% 79%
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from methane 19% 19% 21% 20%
Scope 2 GHG emissions (location based) (6) 5.1 5.1 6.1 6.0
(1) Unless otherwise noted, FY2017 and FY2018 data includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets). Unless otherwise noted,
FY2019 data includes Continuing operations and Discontinued operations (Onshore US assets) to 31 October 2018. Data in italics indicates that data has been
adjusted since it was previously reported. FY2019 originally reported data that was restated is 5.0 million tonnes CO2-e for Scope 2 GHG emissions, 14.7 million
tonnes CO2-e for total operational GHG emissions, and 2.2 tonnes CO2-e per tonne of copper equivalent production for operational GHG emissions intensity.
(2) Calculated based on an operational control approach in line with World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development guidance.
Consumption of fuel and consumption of electricity refers to annual quantity of energy consumed from the combustion of fuel; and the operation of any
facility; and energy consumed resulting from the purchase of electricity, heat, steam or cooling by the company for its own use. Over 99.9 per cent of BHP’s
energy consumption and emissions occurs outside the UK and offshore area (as defined in the relevant UK reporting regulations). UK energy consumption of
222,368 kWh and emissions of 52 tonnes CO2-e is associated with electricity consumption from our office in London.
(3) BHP currently uses Global Warming Potentials (GWP) from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 4 (AR4) based on
100-year timeframe.
(4) Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have been calculated based on an operational control approach (unless otherwise stated) in line with the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Calculation Methodology, available online at bhp.com/climate.
(5) Scope 1 refers to direct GHG emissions from operated assets.
(6) Scope 2 refers to indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling that is consumed by operated assets.
Our Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the market-based method using supplier specific emission factors, in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Scope 2 Guidance unless otherwise specified. A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary purchases and this may result in double counting
between electricity consumers.
(7) Excludes Onshore US assets, which were divested in FY2019.
(8) Copper equivalent production has been calculated based on FY2020 average realised product prices for FY2020 production, FY2019 average realised product
prices for FY2019 production, FY2018 average realised product prices for FY2018 production, and FY2017 average realised product prices for FY2017 production.
Production figures used are consistent with energy and emissions reporting boundaries (i.e. BHP operational control) and are taken on 100 per cent basis.
(9) Scope 1 emissions from BHP’s facilities covered by the Safeguard Mechanism administered by the Clean Energy Regulator in Australia and the distillate and
gasoline emissions from turbine boilers at the cathode plant at Escondida covered by the Green Tax legislation in Chile.
In FY2020, as shown in Table 1, operational emissions (Scope 1 supply contracts are with coal and natural gas powered
and Scope 2) increased by 8 per cent from the adjusted FY2017 suppliers, and therefore the emissions intensity of the contracted
baseline and 3 per cent from FY2019, on a Continuing supply is significantly higher than the grid average. The change
operations basis. The increase is a result of increased in emission factors was made to make BHP’s reporting more
production and energy usage at Western Australia Iron Ore consistent, as the market-based approach is the primary method
(WAIO), as well as increased energy usage at BHP Mitsubishi of reporting when the relevant information is available.
Alliance (BMA), BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) and Nickel West. As shown in Figure 10, the main sources of our operational
FY2018 and FY2019 GHG emissions have been restated due emissions in FY2020 were electricity (40 per cent) and diesel
to a move from location-based (grid) emission factors to (40 per cent). Fugitive emissions from coal mining and
market-based emission factors (contract specific) at the petroleum production accounted for 12 per cent of emissions
Escondida and Pampa Norte (which includes Spence and Cerro and gas, used for power and heat generation, contributed
Colorado) copper operations in Chile. The current electricity 7 per cent of our operational emissions.
Figure 10. BHP Operational GHG emissions FY2020 by source (1)
Other 0.2Mt 1%
Natural gas 1.1Mt 7%
Fugitive 1.9Mt 12%
15.8 Diesel 6.3Mt 40%
Mt CO-e
Electricity 6.3Mt 40%
(1) Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions have been calculated based on an operational control approach in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard. The BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Calculation Methodology document, available online at bhp.com/climate.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 23
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Operational GHG emissions – medium-term target
In July 2019, we publicly committed to establish a medium-term, trajectory to meet our 2050 net-zero goal. It aligns with the date
science-based target in 2020 to support achievement of our of many countries’ nationally determined contributions (NDCs)
long-term goal to achieve net-zero operational emissions by made under the Paris Agreement. Based on the scope of these
2050. In August 2020, BHP’s Board approved a medium-term NDCs, we expect decarbonisation trends to accelerate
target to reduce operational GHG emissions (Scope 1 and significantly over the next decade. The baseline year of FY2020
Scope 2 from our operated assets) by at least 30 per cent from represents the most recently completed operating year from
FY2020 levels (18) by FY2030. which to measure our performance to FY2030, and is consistent
with a science-based methodology to establish a target.
The target year of FY2030 provides scope for realising
significant decarbonisation opportunities, while establishing a
Science-based targets
The IPCC provides a range of scenarios specifying the annual global GHG emissions that can be emitted to the end of the
century to meet the Paris Agreement goals. Targets to reduce GHG emissions are considered ‘science-based’ if they are in
line with what the latest climate science says is necessary to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement – to limit global
warming to well-below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C. Using these scenarios,
a science-based target for BHP can be developed by applying the same rate of reduction to BHP’s emissions as the rate at
which the world’s emissions would have to contract in order to meet the relevant goal (known as the ‘absolute contraction
method’). Based on our analysis, our medium-term target of at least 30 per cent reduction by FY2030 against FY2020 levels (18)
falls within the range of emissions reductions required in this timeframe to be considered aligned with the goals of the
Paris Agreement.
To deliver this target, we are prioritising abatement opportunities that have low capital intensity and are technologically mature,
and can deliver operating cost benefits to the business. Our priority is to invest in reducing our operational emissions, with limited
use of carbon offsets. Our approach also provides opportunities to realise co-benefits, such as reduction in the potential exposure
of our people to diesel particulate matter (through electrification of mining equipment at our operated assets) and support of
biodiversity conservation through investments in natural climate solutions.
(18) FY2020 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be
used as required.
24 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Figure 11: The pathway to net-zero GHG emissions by 2050
• R&D to reduce fugitive emissions
• Renewable power generation
• Alternative heating sources, including hydrogen
• CCUS
• Development of offset markets (quantity,
quality and cost)
• Emergence of price on carbon and evolution
of carbon taxation in operating jurisdictions
snoissime
enilesaB
Renewable electricity is the first step to decarbonise our operations. As our electricity supply decarbonises, benefits can
accrue via diesel displacement using electrification options in material handling. Our goal is to achieve net-zero emissions
from our operations by 2050
–40%
–40%
–20%
$
Electricity Diesel displacement Other
:srelbane
yeK
Pathways to net zero emissions
Our medium-term operational emissions target for FY2030 operations. The medium-term target execution plan comprises
was informed by our Pathways to Net Zero (P2NZ) emissions two distinct five-year phases. The first phase, spanning the
project that was established to understand opportunities to current five-year plan period (FY2021-FY2025), is focused on
achieve and maintain net zero operational emissions by 2050. converting purchased and self-generated electricity from fossil
The project identified and quantified potential operational fuel-based supply to renewable sources and progressing
decarbonisation pathways, and has provided essential data feasibility studies for diesel displacement at our operated
to inform decision-making and prioritisation of BHP’s assets. Electricity decarbonisation represents a relatively low
investments in operational decarbonisation initiatives. risk, first step that can be achieved in a capital efficient manner
We will prioritise emissions reductions at our operated assets through leveraging commercial solutions. Potential capital
over the use of offsets, particularly in the early part of this spend over this five-year period could be in the range of
decade, however we expect that offsets may be required US$100 million to US$200 million per annum.
to reduce our hard-to-abate emissions, for example fugitive
In the second five-year phase (FY2026-FY2030), we will
emissions from coal mining and petroleum production.
continue our focus on greening electricity as well as investing
As shown in Figure 10, electricity and diesel account for
in diesel displacement associated with material movement,
approximately 80 per cent of our current emissions profile
light vehicles and stationary equipment. Spend estimates in
and are a priority for our decarbonisation journey.
the second phase remain uncertain as studies continue to
We plan to deliver our medium-term target by initially focusing progress, technologies mature and new alternatives emerge.
on decarbonising our electricity supply, which will also Our decarbonisation priorities are highlighted in Figure 11.
facilitate electrification and diesel displacement in our mining
• Sufficient firming capacity in • Industry and Original Equipment
Australia to deliver reliable Manufacturer (OEM) collaboration to
renewable energy supply advance required technologies for
• Securing renewable energy commercial application in material
through Power Purchase movement
Agreements • Securing renewable energy to power fleet
• Demand side optimisation electrification
• Construction of behind meter • Advancement of Green Hydrogen through
renewable energy installations consortium with Fortescue, Anglo American
where grid connectivity is limited and Hatch
Decarbonisation of electricity supply
Use of electricity contributed about 40 per cent of operational progressively contribute up to half of the electricity supply
emissions in FY2020. We will consider opportunities to under this agreement. Combined with large-scale generation
contract higher levels of renewable generation in our power certificates, this will enable BHP to reduce Scope 2 emissions
purchase agreements and install renewable energy generation from electricity use in its Queensland operations by 50 per
and storage at our operated assets. Our Chilean copper cent by 2025, based on FY2020 levels.
operated assets at Escondida and Spence have put in place Lorem ipsum
Planned electrification of the diesel fleet will increase our
power purchase agreements for renewable electricity
electricity consumption at our operated assets, which will
commencing from FY2022, and are on track to have
require substantial investment in electricity generation,
100 per cent renewable supply by the mid-2020s.
connection capacities and energy storage. Our electricity
BHP has also signed a firm renewable power purchasing requirements are also anticipated to grow as a result of
agreement to meet half of the electricity needs across portfolio growth and increasing mining energy intensity trends
Queensland Coal mines from low emissions sources. From late due to lower ore grades, deeper pits and higher strip ratios.
2022, newly operational solar and wind farms are expected to
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 25
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Pathways to net zero emissions continued
Diesel displacement
Combustion of diesel contributed about 40 per cent of Moving to renewable energy in Chile and Australia
operational emissions in FY2020. Greater than 85 per cent
In FY2020, BHP entered into four new renewable
of these emissions were associated with material movement
power purchase agreements (PPAs) for its Escondida
by mining equipment. Transitioning the fuel source of material
and Spence copper operations in Chile. The new
movement from diesel to renewable electricity can unlock
contracts will meet current energy needs and also
value, given the higher efficiency of electric motors compared
contain flexibility to help manage future demand.
with relatively inefficient ICEs, in addition to switching to a
The separate contracts agreed by Escondida and
lower cost fuel source.
Spence are 15-year contracts for 3 terawatt hours per
The path to electrification of mining equipment will likely include year (TWh/year) to ENEL Generación Chile and 10-year
solutions such as trolley assist, in-pit crush and convey, overland contracts for 3TWh/year to Colbún. The ENEL contracts
conveyors and battery solutions. Diesel displacement represents will begin in August 2021 and the Colbún contracts in
a higher risk, higher capital step towards decarbonisation, January 2022. The contracts will effectively displace
so a phased approach to execution is proposed with particular 3 million tonnes (Mt) CO2e per year from FY2022,
emphasis on Minerals Americas operated assets that are further compared with the fossil fuel based contracts they
advanced on the decarbonisation journey. Taking a transitional are replacing. The connection of North and South grids
approach to electrification provides flexibility to allow for the in Chile has increased the system redundancy to
potential for rapid development of emerging technologies and enhance reliability, and the hydro supply provides
to resolve the complexities of integrating these technologies firming capacity for other renewable generation.
into existing operations. Our new PPAs have triggered the development of new
renewable generation capacity. About half of our new
During FY2021, we will seek to collaborate further with
contracted supply will be met by existing capacity and
International Council on Mining and Metals members, industry
the remainder from new capacity which is currently
and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to progress
under construction. This new renewable generation will
research and development to reduce costs and assess any
displace thermal generation, leading to a reduction in
potential impacts from electrified mining equipment solutions
total emissions in Chile. The new PPAs also offer
to replace current diesel options.
financial savings compared with existing arrangements.
Fugitive emissions
BHP has also signed a firm renewable power purchasing
Fugitive emissions from coal mining and petroleum
agreement to meet half of the electricity needs across
production in our operated assets contributed about
Queensland Coal mines from low emissions sources.
12 per cent of operational emissions in FY2020. We will also
The agreement, with Queensland’s state-owned clean
continue to consider opportunities and support research
energy generator and retailer CleanCo, is intended to
and development of technologies for hard-to-abate fugitive
run for five years from 1 January 2021. This will
emissions. This includes a collaboration with San Diego State
effectively displace an estimated 1.7 million tonnes of
University and Manaaki Whenua – Landcare Research (NZ)
CO2e between 2021 and 2025 – equivalent to the annual
to assess the viability of using methane-eating bacteria
emissions of around 400,000 combustion engine cars.
as biofilters, for abatement of methane in underground
The agreement is the first of its kind signed by BHP in
and open cut coal mines.
Australia. It will also support the development of new
Decarbonisation plans for operated assets solar and wind farms in Queensland. Over the five-year
Each of our operated assets is developing decarbonisation agreement, power will be provided via the grid, and
plans. Individual decarbonisation investment decisions will predominantly contracted from a combination of solar,
be considered as part of the broader Capital Allocation wind, hydro and gas generation. For the first two years,
Framework and while structural abatement is our preference, power will be contracted from CleanCo’s low emissions
appropriate use of carbon offsets will be required to maintain portfolio which includes hydro and gas generation
operating flexibility and where technical or economic assets. From late 2022, the newly operational solar and
limitations warrant it. More information on the Capital wind farms are expected to progressively contribute up
Allocation Framework is available in section 1.2 Role and to half the electricity requirements, with the remainder
responsibilities of management and in the BHP Annual supported by CleanCo’s low emissions portfolio.
Report 2020 available online at bhp.com. Combined with large-scale generation certificates, this
will enable BHP to reduce Scope 2 emissions from its
Queensland operations by 50 per cent by 2025, based
on FY2020 levels.
26 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Low emissions technology strategy
Defining a pathway to net-zero GHG emissions for our long-life For example, green hydrogen has the potential to enable
operated assets requires planning for the long term, and a decarbonisation at our operated assets. Green hydrogen is
deep understanding of the development pathway for low produced using electrolysis powered by renewable energy,
emissions technologies (LETs). Our LET Strategy has three with no associated operational emissions. BHP has formed a
elements. First, we work to adapt mature technologies such Green Hydrogen Consortium with Anglo American, Fortescue
as light electric vehicles, in order to integrate them safely and and Hatch to look at ways to collectively help to eliminate
effectively at our operated assets. Second, preparing for the obstacles to the adoption of green hydrogen technologies
medium term, we create road maps for the development and and encourage innovative application in the resources sector
adoption of LETs that support our goal of net-zero emissions, and other heavy industries.
which may include trials and demonstrations of technology in
our production environments. Finally, we look for early-stage
LETs that hold high potential for future results. For these
emerging technologies, we seek opportunities for
collaboration for research and development and other
ways to accelerate their commercialisation.
Climate Investment Program
One of our key contributions to driving decarbonisation to date requested approximately US$350 million over five
across our value chain is the Climate Investment Program years. Establishing a robust pipeline of eligible projects is
(CIP), announced in July 2019. BHP will invest at least critical to drive prioritisation of the best projects across our
US$400 million over the five–year life of the CIP. As operated assets and value chain, and to ensure that our
outlined in Figure 12, we will invest to scale up LETs, invest emissions targets can be met alongside safety, production
in natural climate solutions and support partnerships to and cost targets.
address Scope 3 emissions. The CIP is a demonstration
Some of the currently prioritised CIP project proposals
of our commitment to take a product stewardship role in
intend to evaluate the implementation of decarbonising
relation to our full value chain and to work with others to
technology that may be replicable at other BHP operated
unlock GHG emissions reduction through projects,
assets. These types of projects with replicable features will
partnerships, R&D and venture investments. Projects will
potentially generate additional investment opportunities
be balanced across our operated assets and value chain,
and maintain a strong pipeline of investments to enables
with investment in a range of projects at different stages
us to maximise returns from CIP funds. In FY2021, we will
of technology maturity and risk. In line with our climate
identify and implement additional investments to reduce
change strategy, initial investments will focus on reducing
our operational emissions and support reductions in value
emissions at our Minerals (Australia and Americas)
chain emissions. We plan to allocate a meaningful
operated assets and addressing Scope 3 emissions in the
proportion of capital to early- and growth-stage
steelmaking sector, particularly emerging technologies that
technologies aligned with the CIP’s long-term objectives,
have the potential to be scaled for widespread application.
which will be managed by BHP Ventures, our newly-formed
During FY2020, we developed a framework to identify and dedicated venture investment function.
prioritise potential investments. Potential CIP projects have
FCigliumrea t1e2 .I Cnlvimesattme Iennvet sPtrmoegnrta Pmro (gCraIPm) (CIP)
US$400m
Five-year Climate Investment Program (CIP) (announced in July 2019)
Scope 1 & 2 Offsets (1) Scope 3
Applied now in Future technology Carbon offsets Applied to support value Future technology
operated assets optionality chain emissions reduction now optionality
Potential Focus Areas
• Renewable energy • Electrification • Blue Carbon • Shipping • Alternative steel-making pathways
• Fuel switching • Diesel displacement • REDD+ • Customer/supplier emissions • Enhanced battery materials
• Energy efficiency • Mineral carbonation • BHP land projects • CCUS • Broad-scale carbon utilisation
• Power storage • Low-emissions fuels • Article 6 bilateral • Blockchain for transparent • Direct Air Capture
agreement reporting
Investment Toolkit
Internal Industry Customer and Direct equity
innovation and partnerships supplier investments Other
activity partnerships
(1) Our approach is not only to invest in projects that generate carbon offsets, but to prioritise investment in projects, initiatives or finance mechanisms
that stimulate the market for additional offsets.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 27
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

[Table 1 — Page 29]
Scope 1 & 2 | | Offsets (1) | Scope 3 |
----------------------------------------
| Future technology optionality | Carbon offsets | Applied to support value chain emissions reduction now |
| | Potential F | ocus Areas |
| • Electrification • Diesel displacement • Mineral carbonation • Low-emissions fuels | • Blue Carbon • REDD+ • BHP land projects • Article 6 bilateral agreement | • Shipping • Customer/supplier emissions • CCUS • Blockchain for transparent reporting |

[Table 2 — Page 29]
Internal innovation and
----------------------------------------
activity

[Table 3 — Page 29]
Industry
----------------------------------------
partnerships

[Table 4 — Page 29]
Customer and supplier
----------------------------------------
partnerships

[Table 5 — Page 29]
Direct equity
----------------------------------------
investments

[Table 6 — Page 29]
Other
----------------------------------------


2.3 Partnering across our value chain
At BHP, we recognise the importance of taking action to support efforts to reduce emissions across our full value chain, as the
emissions from our customers’ use of our products are significantly higher than those from our operated assets. By definition,
Scope 3 emissions occur outside of our operated assets, and are emissions over which we do not have operational control.
We therefore seek opportunities to partner with others across our value chain to enable the reduction of these emissions.
Value chain emissions – performance FY2020
Table 2: Scope 3 GHG emissions by category (million tonnes CO2-e) (1)
Year ended 30 June
2020 2019 2018 2017
Upstream
Purchased goods and services (including capital goods) 16.9 17.3 8.2 7.7
Fuel and energy related activities 1.3 1.3 1.4 1.4
Upstream transportation and distribution (2) 3.8 3.6 3.6 3.2
Business travel 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Employee commuting 0.2 <0.1 <0.1 <0.1
Downstream
Downstream transportation and distribution (3) 4.0 4.0 5.0 2.8
Investments (i.e. our non-operated assets) (4) 3.9 3.1 1.7 1.9
Processing of sold products (5)
Iron ore processing (6) 205.6-322.6 197.2-299.6 201.2-317.4 194.1-309.5
Copper processing 5.2 5.1 5.2 4.2
Total processing of sold products 210.8-327.8 202.3-304.7 206.4-322.6 198.3-313.7
Use of sold products
Metallurgical coal (6) 33.7-108.2 34.7-111.4 35.0-112.3 32.5-105.5
Energy coal (7) 56.4 67.0 71.0 72.1
Natural gas (7) 20.6 28.3 36.4 38.3
Crude oil and condensates (7) 17.9 23.3 29.6 33.1
Natural gas liquids (7) 1.9 2.8 4.5 5.1
Total use of sold products 130.5-205.0 156.0-232.7 176.5-253.8 181.1-254.1
(1) Scope 3 emissions have been calculated using methodologies consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3)
Accounting and Reporting Standard. Scope 3 emissions reporting necessarily requires a degree of overlap in reporting boundaries due to our
involvement at multiple points in the life cycle of the commodities we produce and consume. A significant example of this is that Scope 3 emissions
reported under the ‘Processing of sold products’ category include the processing of our iron ore to steel. This third party activity also consumes
metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us. For reporting purposes, we account for Scope 3 emissions from combustion of
metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the ‘Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal emissions is accounted
for under two categories. This is an expected outcome of emissions reporting between the different scopes defined under standard GHG accounting
practices and is not considered to detract from the overall value of our Scope 3 emissions disclosure. This double counting means that the emissions
reported under each category should not be added up, as to do so would give an inflated total figure. For this reason, we do not report a total Scope 3
emissions figure. Further details of the calculation methodologies, assumptions and key references used in the preparation of our Scope 3 emissions
data can be found in the associated BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Calculation Methodology, available online at bhp.com/climate.
(2) Includes product transport where freight costs are covered by BHP, for example under Cost and Freight (CFR) or similar terms, as well as purchased
transport services for process inputs to our operations.
(3) Product transport where freight costs are not covered by BHP, for example under Free on Board (FOB) or similar terms.
(4) For BHP, this category covers the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (on an equity basis) from our assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated
by BHP.
(5) All iron ore production is assumed to be processed into steel and all copper metal production is assumed to be processed into copper wire for end use.
Processing of nickel, zinc, gold, silver, ethane and uranium oxide is not currently included, as production volumes are much lower than iron ore and
copper and a large range of possible end uses apply. Processing/refining of petroleum products is also excluded as these emissions are considered
immaterial compared to the end-use product combustion reported in the ‘Use of sold products’ category.
(6) Scope 3 emissions reported under the ‘Processing of sold products’ category include the processing of our iron ore to steel. This third party activity
also consumes metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which is produced by us. For the higher-end estimate, we account for Scope 3 emissions
from combustion of metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the ‘Use of sold products’ category, such that a portion of metallurgical coal
emissions is accounted for under two categories. The low-end estimate apportions the emission factor for steel between iron ore and metallurgical coal
inputs. The low-end estimate for iron ore only accounts for BHP’s Scope 3 emissions from iron ore and does not account for BHP’s or third party coal
used in the steelmaking process. Scope 3 emissions from BHP’s coal are captured in the ‘Use of sold products’ category under metallurgical coal.
(7) All crude oil and condensates are conservatively assumed to be refined and combusted as diesel. Energy coal, Natural gas and Natural gas liquids are
assumed to be combusted.
As shown in Table 2 and Figure 13, the most significant boundaries, due to our involvement at multiple points in
contributions to Scope 3 emissions come from the processing the life cycle of the commodities we produce and consume.
and use of our products, in particular from the use of our A significant example of a boundary overlap is between
iron ore and metallurgical coal in steelmaking. Our analysis iron ore and metallurgical coal that results in a portion of
indicates that in FY2020, emissions associated with the metallurgical coal emissions being double counted across
processing of our non-fossil fuel commodities (iron ore to these two categories in the higher end estimate number.
steel; copper concentrate and cathode to copper wire) were This means that the emissions reported under each category
210.8-327.8 Mt of CO2e. Emissions associated with the use should not be added up, as to do so would give an inflated
of our fossil fuel commodities (metallurgical and energy coal, total figure. For this reason we do not report a total Scope 3
oil and gas) were 130.5-205.0 Mt of CO2e. Refer to Value emissions figure.
chain emissions – methodology below in this section for
an explanation of why there is a degree of overlap in reporting
28 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

[Table 1 — Page 30]
Upstream |
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 30]
Downstream |
----------------------------------------

Purchased Transportation Other Iron ore Copper Metallurgical Energy Crude oil and Natural Gas and
goods and and distribution processing processing coal coal condensates Natural gas liquids
services (including
capital goods)
e-OC
sennot
noillim
This year we have also included a lower-end estimate of the calculated to avoid double counting, provides a more useful
Scope 3 emissions from the combustion of metallurgical coal input into an assessment of the total Scope 3 emissions
that avoids the double counting of the emissions arising from associated with our value chains.
iron and steel production. We have included the lower-end
Further details of the calculation methodologies, assumptions
number in the estimate of our Scope 3 emissions, in part to
and key references used in the preparation of our Scope 3
reflect the different ways of calculating Scope 3 emissions,
emissions data can be found in the associated BHP Scope 1,
particularly when there is an overlap. The inclusion of two
2 and 3 Emissions Calculation Methodology, available online
numbers also reflects the different uses for reported Scope 3
at bhp.com/climate.
emissions. The first, larger number is suitable as a proxy for an
assessment of carbon risk to the portfolio. The lower number,
Figure 13. Scope 3 emissions (million tonnes CO2e) (1) FY2020
 High-end estimate  Low-end estimate
(1) We have included lower-end estimates of the Scope 3 emissions from the combustion of metallurgical coal that avoids the double counting of the emissions
arising from iron and steel production. The lower-end estimates are reflected in the Iron ore processing emissions and Metallurgical coal emissions on the
graph. For further detail, see the BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 Emissions Calculation Methodology, available online at bhp.com/climate.
Value chain emissions – methodology
We calculate Scope 3 emissions using methodologies ‘Use of sold products’ category. This means that a portion
consistent with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain of metallurgical coal emissions is double counted across
(Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3 two categories in the higher end estimate number.
Standard). This identifies five generally accepted principles:
This is an expected outcome of emissions reporting
relevance, completeness, consistency, transparency,
between the different scopes defined under standard
and accuracy.
GHG accounting practices, and is not considered to detract
In practice, calculating Scope 3 emissions sometimes from the overall value of our Scope 3 emissions disclosure.
requires trade-offs between principles. Our current This double counting means that the emissions reported
calculation approach focuses primarily on achieving under each category should not be added up. To do so
completeness. This has required the use of less accurate would give an inflated total figure. For this reason we do
data for some emissions categories. For example, where not report a total Scope 3 emissions figure.
primary data is unavailable, we use ‘industry average’
We are currently developing an enhanced approach
emission factors, or ‘proxy’ input data or assumptions.
to calculating, communicating and tracking Scope 3
This means that the data is not necessarily representative
emissions in our value chain that addresses the limitations
of the specific activities taking place within our value chain,
described above, and better serves our decision-making
nor reflective of the quality of our products.
needs and those of our stakeholders. Particularly in iron and
The current approach also means there is a degree of steel, we will work to incorporate more detailed emissions
overlap in reporting boundaries for Scope 3 emissions, factors for our largest customers in that sector, defined by
particularly in relation to emissions from the processing process routes and geography.
of our iron ore to steel, reported under the ‘Processing of
In order to track our impact on long-term decarbonisation,
sold products’ emissions category. Steel production also
we intend to measure the total emissions intensity (Scope 1,
consumes metallurgical coal as an input, a portion of which
2 and 3) for use of BHP’s products. As there is no standard
is produced by us. For reporting purposes, we account
metric for total emissions intensity, in FY2021 we will work
separately for Scope 3 emissions from the use of our
with leading groups to develop an appropriate methodology.
metallurgical coal with all other fossil fuels under the
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 29
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

[Table 1 — Page 31]
| | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |
| | | |

Value chain emissions goals
In July 2019, we committed to set public goals related to Scope 3 emissions. During FY2020, we investigated BHP’s opportunities
to enable emissions reductions through an analysis of our value chain and consultation with suppliers, customers, investors and
other stakeholders.
Decarbonisation of the resources sector value chain is a shared global challenge that requires collaboration and long-term
commitment. Our approach to reducing Scope 3 emissions is defined by three approaches and shown in Table 3:
• actions in FY2021 and then yearly thereafter;
• goals for 2030;
• long-term vision of steel sector and maritime sector decarbonisation in line with the Paris Agreement goals.
Our actions will be defined annually in a Scope 3 Action Plan, with performance against that plan linked to executive remuneration
(see section 1 Governance, Remuneration policy and outcomes for more details). These actions will be aligned to the delivery of
our Scope 3 2030 goals, and be guided by our long-term vision for sectoral decarbonisation.
We expect to contribute a substantial portion of the Climate Investment Program funds to activities that support BHP’s Scope 3
goals. Leveraging the contributions of others, we expect that addressing emissions across complex value chains will require
significant investment from a range of stakeholders, reinforcing the value of partnerships to drive material change.
Table 3. BHP’s Scope 3 Goals
FY2021 Actions 2030 Goals Long-term Vision
Processing Two partnerships with customers Support industry to develop
and use of in the steelmaking sector technologies and pathways capable Supporting the economysold products Additional CCUS and Direct of 30% emissions intensity reduction wide transition necessary
Air Capture (DAC) investments in integrated steelmaking, with to meet the Paris Agreement
and contributions (19) widespread adoption expected
goals by working with
post-2030
customers and suppliers
Transportation Deliver initiatives on GHG emissions Support 40% emissions intensity
to achieve sectoral
of sold products reductions (e.g. vessel selection, reduction of BHP-chartered shipping
decarbonisation
LNG tender and study into of our products
biofuel bunkering)
The emissions associated with the use of oil, gas and energy This goal will likely be achieved through a combination
coal represent further opportunities for BHP to influence of incremental improvements across the entire integrated
Scope 3 emissions. We are seeking further opportunities to steelmaking process including sintering, coke making,
work in collaboration with others to accelerate technologies blast furnace and steelmaking operations. However, with
that we believe can play an important role in reducing the blast furnace representing the single largest source of
emissions associated with their use, for example CCUS and GHG emissions from steelmaking, particular attention will be
direct air capture (DAC). Refer to the Investing in technologies given to technologies that reduce blast furnace emissions,
for the value chain section below for examples of our including raw material optimisation, modified blast furnace
investments to date. We will continue to contribute efforts conditions such as hydrogen injection and oxygen enrichment,
towards greater emissions reduction and offsetting in the as well as technologies that include the use of renewable
power and petroleum sectors, and will support biofuels and CCUS.
decarbonisation pathways for the value chains for oil,
In support of this medium-term goal, we will:
gas and energy coal.
• Continue our engagement and technical collaboration
Value chain emissions goals – steel industry with customers in the steel sector to drive more efficient
The first of our Scope 3 goals for 2030 is focused on the utilisation of BHP’s products while working with our operated
processing and use of our products in steelmaking, as this assets to deliver the right product qualities to our customers.
represents the majority of emissions in our value chain, and • Partner with leading steel mills and other stakeholders to
we have the opportunity to support and leverage efforts to accelerate the development and commercialisation of
make a significant difference to global emissions reductions. technologies that support greater efficiency and emissions
reductions in the integrated steelmaking route.
Through engagement, we know that many of our customers
have set Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reduction targets • Improve our understanding of alternative steelmaking
for themselves. For example, the Japanese steel industry has technologies and how BHP’s current and future products
committed to developing technology, by 2030, capable of can support the adoption of such technologies.
delivering an approximately 30 per cent improvement in blast
furnace emissions intensity. As the conventional blast furnace
process approaches its efficiency limits, improvement will
require investments in new technologies. Recognising our
customers’ Scope 1 and Scope 2 commitments, we propose
a 2030 goal to support industry to develop technologies
and pathways capable of a 30 per cent emissions intensity
reduction in integrated steelmaking, with widespread adoption
expected post-2030.
(19) Current CCUS and DAC investments are described in Investing in technologies for the value chain section below.
30 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Value chain emissions goals – maritime industry Our ongoing work on CCUS and DAC has evolved from
The second of our Scope 3 goals for 2030 is focussed on a research and information sharing phase to an increasing
opportunities to work with major suppliers to reduce emissions focus on removing barriers to deployment and options to drive
in the maritime industry. In FY2020, maritime transport costs down. Our CCUS investments and partnerships focus on
represented 7.5 Mt CO2e of the Scope 3 emissions in our mechanisms to reduce costs and accelerate development
value chain. As one of the world’s largest dry bulk charterers, timeframes. Our investments have included activities aimed
we therefore have the opportunity to influence action in a at knowledge sharing from commercial-scale projects,
global industry where emissions are difficult to abate. development of sectoral deployment road maps and funding
The International Maritime Organisation (IMO) has estimated for research and development at leading universities and
that international shipping accounts for about 2.2 per cent of research institutes.
global emissions and that emissions from international For example, we established the International CCUS Knowledge
shipping could grow between 50 per cent and 250 per cent Centre, with an initial contribution of CAD$20 million in FY2015,
by 2050, mainly due to the growth in world maritime trade (20). to share lessons from SaskPower’s Boundary Dam CCUS project
While ammonia, hydrogen, and battery-powered dry bulk in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Knowledge Centre has
vessels have the potential to reduce future GHG emissions, contributed significantly to the development of CCUS through
liquefied natural gas (LNG) is capable of delivering evidence-based, cost reduction studies and feasibility studies
commercially viable emissions reductions now. Introducing for a range of industries including the cement and power
LNG-fuelled ships into BHP’s maritime supply chain can virtually sectors. The current focus is on feasibility studies that
eliminate air emissions (SO and NO) and significantly reduce incorporate the cost savings identified in existing projects.
x x
GHG emissions along the world’s busiest bulk transport routes. We have contributed US$7 million to a program working with
Peking University and other partners to identify the key policy,
The IMO has set goals to reduce average GHG emissions
technical and economic barriers to CCUS deployment in the
intensity across international shipping by at least 40 per cent industrial sector, with a particular focus on the iron and steel
by 2030 and 70 per cent by 2050. In alignment with the
industry in China.
industry, we propose a 2030 maritime goal to support
40 per cent emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered We have also established a research collaboration between
shipping of our products. We expect to achieve this through the University of Melbourne, University of Cambridge and
chartering choices, alternative fuel requirements, and Stanford University with an initial contribution of AUD$3 million
technology to optimise voyages. As an initial action, in FY2018 to support fundamental research into the long-term
we issued a world-first tender for lower-emissions LNG-fuelled storage mechanisms of carbon dioxide in sub-surface
bulk carrier vessels for iron ore transportation in July 2019. locations. In FY2020, we also invested approximately
This is expected to lead to lower emissions of up to 34 per cent US$4 million in CO2CRC, a research project to develop
on a per voyage basis when compared to conventional vessels. subsurface storage technologies aimed at reducing the cost
and environmental footprint of long-term carbon dioxide
storage monitoring.
Investing in technologies for the value chain
In 2019, we invested US$6 million in Carbon Engineering Ltd to
BHP is investing in a range of LETs and negative emissions progress the development of a ground-breaking technology
technologies (NETs) to support emissions reductions outside to reduce GHG emissions by accelerating the development
our operating boundaries. While identifying quality, large-scale of DAC, which removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
investments in recent years has proved challenging due to
We are seeking further opportunities to work in collaboration
a range of factors, including changing government policies
with others to accelerate technologies that we believe can play
and constrained levels of financial support for breakthrough
an important role in reducing emissions associated with the
technologies, we are now seeing new opportunities emerge.
use of fossil fuels and in hard-to-abate sectors. Given the size
of the task and the importance of these technologies to meet
the Paris Agreement goals, it is important to leverage our skills
and investments by working in partnerships across sectors.
(20) http://www.imo.org/en/OurWork/Environment/PollutionPrevention/AirPollution/Pages/GHG-Emissions.aspx
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 31
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

2.4 Natural climate solutions strategy
Investing in natural ecosystems is a cost-effective and Phase II The Community Ranches project. The IFC Forests
immediately available solution to mitigating climate change. Bond is an innovative finance mechanism that unlocks private
Recent studies (21) have demonstrated that halting the sector finance for reducing deforestation, and provides
destruction of tropical forests and allowing those forests to investors
continue sequestering carbon, and regrowing at current rates with an option to take investment returns in the form of carbon
can provide at least 30 per cent of all mitigation action needed credits generated from Kasigau Corridor REDD Project in
to limit global warming to 2°C. Conserving, avoiding Kenya. The IFC issued the Forests Bond in October 2016,
deforestation and restoring high-carbon ecosystems like raising US$152 million. In 2017, we launched the Finance for
forests – referred to as natural climate solutions – provide a Forests initiative (a joint ongoing initiative with Conservation
‘biological bridge’ to enhance the world’s ability to quickly International and Pollination), which aims to encourage
reduce GHG emissions while other technologies ramp up. replication of BHP’s REDD+ investments, and the exploration
of other innovative private finance tools to conserve forests
BHP works to support the development of market mechanisms
and further advance natural climate solutions.
that channel private sector finance into projects that increase
carbon storage or avoid GHG emissions through conservation, To date, our investments in REDD+ have contributed to the
restoration and improved management of landscapes and conservation of 382,000 hectares (ha) of land in areas of
wetlands. In 2014, BHP was among the first resource sector national or international conservation significance, comprising
companies to integrate support for REDD+ (22) investment into 182,000ha from our investment in the Alto Mayo REDD+ project
its climate change strategy. REDD+ incentivises developing in Peru and 200,000ha from our investment to support the
countries to keep their forests standing by offering results-based Kasigau Corridor REDD project in Kenya. To put these numbers
payments for actions to reduce or remove GHG emissions. in perspective, the total area conserved to date is approximately
2.5 times BHP’s land disturbance footprint in 2019 (148,800ha,
Our REDD+ strategy was broadened in FY2020 to include
as reported in BHP’s FY2019 Sustainability Report).
investments in reforestation, afforestation and ‘blue’ carbon –
the carbon stored in coastal and marine ecosystems (e.g. In December 2019, we became a founding member of IETA’s (23)
mangroves, tidal marshes and seagrasses). We focus on project Markets for National Climate Solutions initiative, which aims to
support, governance and market stimulation for carbon credits support development of global markets for carbon credits
generated by these projects. generated from natural climate solutions enabling private
sector investment at scale. We also demonstrated further
In areas of national or international conservation significance,
support for the Kasigau Corridor and Alto Mayo projects
our approach may also involve funding through philanthropic
through the purchase of approximately 1.2 million and 220,000
grants to support the long-term sustainability of conservation,
additional verified carbon units (VCUs), respectively in FY2020.
for example through enabling alternative livelihoods.
In March 2020, under our Finance For Forests initiative, we
Examples of our REDD+ investments include a US$5 million
issued a request for proposals for natural climate solutions
contribution over FY2017 and FY2018 to the Alto Mayo
projects/concepts, to be supported by market innovations.
Conservation Initiative project in Peru and, through BHP’s
The aim is to support the development of another innovative
US$12 million support for the International Finance Corporation
financing mechanism to support a portfolio of natural climate
(IFC) Forests Bond to the Kasigau Corridor REDD Project –
solution projects. Submissions are currently being evaluated.
(21) For example, Griscom BW et al. 2020 National mitigation potential from natural climate solutions in the tropics. Phil. Trans. R. Soc. B 375: 0190126 http://dx.doi.
org/10.1098/rstb.2019.0126
(22) REDD+ is the United Nations (UN) program for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation.
(23) IETA is the International Emissions Trading Association.
32 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Carbon offset strategy
Carbon offsets Based on these core principles, BHP’s Carbon Offset strategy
The central purpose of a carbon offset for an organisation is to directly invest in projects that deliver sustainability
is to substitute for internal GHG emission reductions. Offsets co-benefits and a long-term supply of offsets. We will achieve
may be generated through projects in which GHG emissions this objective by working with others to promote the
are avoided, reduced, removed from the atmosphere or development of carbon market mechanisms (in particular
permanently stored (sequestration). Carbon offsets are for natural climate solutions), and build our own capability
generally created and independently verified in accordance to manage those mechanisms. We expect to use offsets and
with either a voluntary program or under a regulatory program. regulatory credits to meet emission reduction commitments,
The purchaser of a carbon offset can ‘retire’ or ‘surrender’ and to support our ability to offer net zero products.
it to claim the underlying reduction towards their own GHG Our Carbon Offset strategy does not outline an allowable
emissions reduction goals or to meet legal obligations. contribution of offsets toward our emission reduction
BHP’s approach to carbon offsetting is to manage our commitments, for example, limiting the use of offsets to
investments in carbon offset projects as external emissions a certain percentage of our emissions footprint. In lieu of
reductions that are complementary to emissions reduction this approach, we are developing a quantitative investment
projects we are progressing at our operated assets as part metric that proposes to weigh our operational emissions
of our decarbonisation strategy. Although we prioritise our medium-term target and long-term goal against an offset
internal abatement projects, we expect to have a requirement price forecast and an internal abatement project cost curve.
for offsets in order to deliver our net-zero goal, particularly to This metric would be designed to help decision-makers
address ‘hard to abate’ emissions such as fugitive methane evaluate the trade-off between reducing emissions internally
from coal production. and offsetting externally. This would differ from our carbon
price forecasts (described in section 2.1 Portfolio analysis),
which track regional compliance carbon markets and
regulatory pricing schemes to assess observed and projected
Common areas of scrutiny of offsets are:
levels of decarbonisation ambition.
Additionality: emissions reductions are only additional if
In line with our strategic principle to transparently disclose the
they would not have occurred in the absence of a market
carbon offsets retired to supplement our operational emissions
for carbon offsets
reductions, our standard of disclosure for the inclusion of
Permanence: emissions reductions should be genuine offsets in BHP emissions accounting includes:
and ongoing (e.g. in the case of forestry projects, the • Relevant information on how the acquired offsets may
trees are not cut down or destroyed by natural disaster) (24) support broader sustainability goals
Leakage: emissions reductions from a project • Upon retirement of voluntary offsets, the certified GHG
should not cause emissions outside of its boundaries (e.g. emissions reduction that the unit represents will be
a specific forest area is protected through carbon subtracted from BHP’s total GHG inventory for the year.
offsetting but another is destroyed in its place) The retirement of each offset represents the ‘realisation’
of the associated GHG emissions reduction quantity
Environmental and social integrity: emissions (usually in tonnes) achieved by the originating project
reductions should not cause negative externalities (e.g.
• Upon retirement of mandatory offsets retired under a
hydro-power projects that require clearing of forests and
regulatory scheme, no further adjustments will be made
relocation of local communities)
for BHP’s total GHG inventory for the year
• Where compliance-related offset surrenders are not explicitly
Our Carbon Offset strategy, developed in FY2020, linked to regulatory reporting of GHG emissions in the
is designed to address these issues, based on a set jurisdiction, then an additional adjustment may be made to
of core principles: transparently include these units as negative emissions in
• We will prioritise the reduction of our operational BHP’s total GHG inventory for the relevant year(s).
GHG emissions and continue to work with others
We are in the process of acquiring further voluntary offsets in the
to enhance the global response to climate change.
form of VCUs from two projects that have been certified against
• We will source, hold, and retire carbon offsets as the Verified Carbon Standard Program, administered by Verra (25):
one element of our short and long-term activity to
• Alto Mayo Conservation Initiative (26) (27),
achieve a transition to net-zero operational GHG
• The Kasigau Corridor REDD Project – Phase II
emissions by 2050.
The Community Ranches (28) (29),
• Carbon offsets will be preferentially sourced from
projects that support sustainability goals (benefiting Both of these projects have been validated and verified to the
the environment and communities) and promote the Climate, Community and Biodiversity (CCB) Standards (30), also
carbon market. administered by Verra. The CCB Standards identify projects
• We will apply robust standards for the quality that simultaneously address climate change, support local
of offsets included as credits in our GHG emissions communities and smallholders, and conserve biodiversity.
totals, including additionality and permanence. The VCUs we have acquired from these projects bear the
CCB label.
• We will transparently disclose the carbon offsets retired
to supplement our operational emissions pathway. We have not retired any voluntary offsets to date, as we have
prioritised structural reductions of our operational emissions.
(24) For most kinds of carbon offset projects, reversals (i.e. where greenhouse gases are subsequently emitted so that no net reduction occurs) are either physically
impossible or extremely unlikely. In contrast, forestry projects mitigate climate change for as long as the carbon remains stored in the trees.
(25) https://verra.org/
(26) https://www.conservation.org/stories/implementing-forest-conservation-in-perus-alto-mayo-region
(27) https://registry.verra.org/app/projectDetail/VCS/944
(28) https://www.wildlifeworks.com/kenya
(29) https://registry.verra.org/app/projectDetail/VCS/612
(30) https://verra.org/project/ccb-program/
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 33
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

2.5 Adaptation strategy
Adaptation is the process of adjustment to actual or potential Internal standards
physical impacts of climate change in order to moderate harm
or realise opportunities. We take a risk-based approach to BHP has existing commitments and requirements for climate
adaptation, including consideration of the potential adaptation, as expressed through Our Climate Change Position
vulnerabilities of our operated assets, investments, portfolio, Statement, our Group-wide minimum mandatory standards for
communities, ecosystems and our suppliers and customers risk management, environment and climate change, water and
across the value chain. tailings storage facilities and closure, and Our Social Value Plan.
Requirements under the Our Requirements for Environment and
Risks related to the potential physical impacts of climate
Climate Change standard are designed to support and intersect
change include acute risks resulting from increased severity
with other key initiatives, including GHG emissions reduction,
of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from
water stewardship and social value. Working collaboratively
longer-term changes in climate patterns.
across these initiatives will help to minimise and mitigate
We operate in zones prone to extreme weather events and are the physical climate change risks to our business.
therefore exposed to potential disruptions such as failures of
We recognise the importance of integrating physical climate
mining or processing equipment, loss of containment, mining
change risks and adaptation assessment and planning into
infrastructure failures (e.g. power, water, rail and port), support
decision-making processes. For example, our operated assets
infrastructure failures (e.g. technology services and office
are required to develop plans to build climate resilience into
buildings), disruption to critical supplies (e.g. explosives stock)
their activities and we require proposed new investments to
and adverse impacts to health and safety, including loss of life.
assess and manage risks associated with potential physical
We assess our risk of exposure to potential climate change
impacts of climate change. An example is provided by our
impacts to be material, including the potential for more
Petroleum business, which has specifically designed severe
frequent and intense weather events, and increasing sea water
weather mitigation systems for Floating Production and
levels that may result in disruptions (e.g. to port operations).
Storage Offtake vessels (FPSOs). Although the FPSOs are
Left unmanaged, physical climate change risks may threaten
connected to subsea oil and gas infrastructure, they have the
our sustainable long-term shareholder return objectives.
capability to disconnect from this infrastructure, and can sail
Physical climate change risks are considered by BHP to be away from impending cyclonic or extreme weather events.
both current and emerging material risks (see section 3 Risk
management for more details). Physical climate change risks Adaptation opportunities
are potential threat multipliers for many of BHP’s operational
risks. For example, the existing operational risk of flooding Adaptation measures can both lower our exposure and enable
is a potential threat to not only asset integrity, but to people, any opportunities resulting from changes in weather and
communities and environment. The physical climate-related climate to be realised. The imperative to adapt may create
risks we face may also derive from areas outside our control, opportunities for BHP by increasing the resilience of our
such as our supply chain and markets. operated assets and supply chain, enabling us to maintain
continuity and reliability of supply of our products.
At BHP, we have already identified potential threats from
extreme weather events to our operations, and have adapted We must look beyond our own boundaries to identify physical
accordingly. Overtopping of port infrastructure at the Hay climate change risks and opportunities across the value chain.
Point coal terminal in Queensland, for example, led to the Physical climate change risks have the potential to manifest
identification and assessment of the risk of increasing storm across the whole production system, both controlled and
intensity and storm surge levels during design of the facility’s non-controlled, and the wider environment in which we
2015 expansion. This resulted in the construction of higher operate. Risks may also be interconnected, with more than
marine infrastructure, including replacement trestle and a new, one hazard potentially interacting to create a greater overall
third loading facility, and re-assessment of the work scopes risk. Opportunities to collaborate and expand our learning are
for future replacement of the older two loading facilities to therefore crucial to ensure risks are managed in partnership
similarly address overtopping risks. Cyclone disruption with others and maladaptation is avoided.
(e.g. production shutdown) at WAIO has led to adaptive
Adaptation measures are also important in building resilience
management practices that allow WAIO to respond to the risk
in our local communities and ecosystems. For example, we
of an increase in cyclone intensity in the Pilbara region. Water
have worked with local communities to build resilience to
scarcity and quality impacts have also led to desalination
physical climate change risks in Trinidad and Tobago, and
investments in Chile.
we are working to identify appropriate service providers to
Our approach to climate change adaptation was established deliver community climate change resilience solutions in the
in 2014. In order to strengthen our approach, BHP undertook Antofagasta and Tarapacá regions of Chile.
a series of assessments and engagements in FY2020. These
included a questionnaire for our operated assets, industry
benchmarking assessment, internal policy review and
extensive engagements across BHP. Based on this engagement
with the Functions and Assets teams, a gap analysis identified
opportunities to improve consistency and comprehensiveness
in how physical climate change risks are identified, assessed
and managed across the business.
This work has informed the updating of our Adaptation Strategy
which will be finalised in FY2021. Our previous work on
adaptation also included our approach to offset-related
investments, which is now set out in our Carbon Offsets strategy.
34 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

2.6 Advocacy strategy
Climate change is a global challenge that requires comprises independent civil society leaders in various fields
collaboration, and industry has a key role to play in supporting of sustainability who provide insights into current and emerging
policy development. We engage with governments and other issues, challenge our thinking and allow us to understand and
stakeholders to contribute to the development of an effective, consider the broader impacts of our actions. The FCR members
long-term policy framework that can deliver a low carbon provide input to our operational management teams as well as
economy. We prioritise working with others to enhance the the BHP Board and its Sustainability Committee.
global policy and market response, and support the
During FY2020, climate change was discussed during a
development of market mechanisms that reduce global
meeting between the FCR and the Sustainability Committee.
GHG emissions through projects that generate carbon credits.
FCR members gave the Sustainability Committee feedback
Our focus is on supporting climate action and longer-term policy
and insights formed from a presentation and discussion on
frameworks that can deliver the goals of the Paris Agreement
BHP’s review of its climate change strategy in the May 2019
while providing stability for business. We are signatories to the
FCR meeting. At the February 2020 meeting with the
UNFCCC ‘Paris Pledge’ that brings together cities, regions,
Sustainability Committee, the FCR discussed climate
companies and investors in support of the Paris Agreement.
change views in Australia.
We believe an effective policy framework should include a
complementary set of measures, including a globally consistent Industry association review
price on carbon, support for low emissions and negative
emissions technologies and measures to build resilience. BHP is a member of industry associations around the world.
We are a signatory to the World Bank’s ‘Putting a Price on We believe associations can perform a number of functions that
Carbon’ statement and a partner in the Carbon Pricing can lead to better outcomes on policy, practice and standards.
Leadership Coalition, a global initiative that brings together Over the past five years, there has been increasing stakeholder
leaders from industry, government, academia and civil society interest in the role played by industry associations in public
with the goal of putting in place effective carbon pricing policies. policy debates, particularly in the context of climate change
We also advocate for a framework of policy settings that will policy. We published our first industry association review in
accelerate the deployment of CCUS. Modelling of 2°C and 2017, which sought to identify ‘material differences’ between
1.5°C scenarios consistently highlight the critical role of LETs BHP and our member associations on climate change policy.
and NETs. This is why BHP is committed to catalysing action We repeated this exercise in 2018 and 2019. For the latter,
to accelerate CCUS commercialisation at scale and acceptable we broadened our methodology to capture additional
cost and is a member of the Global CCS Institute and the UK organisations and to provide an assessment of the extent
Government’s Council on Carbon Capture Usage and Storage. of overall alignment between BHP and our association
memberships on climate change policy. Outcomes from our
2019 review are set out in our 2019 Industry Association Review
Engagement and disclosure
Report available online at bhp.com.
Our climate change strategy is supported by active
Following our 2019 review, we commenced a process to
engagement with our stakeholders, including investors,
understand how we could further enhance our overall approach
policymakers and non-governmental organisations, and
to industry associations to ensure we maximise the value
with peer companies where appropriate. Informed by this
of our memberships. We have also taken further steps to
engagement, we regularly review our approach to climate address investor expectations around climate change advocacy
change in response to emerging scientific knowledge, changes
by industry associations by engaging with a broad range of
in global climate change policy and regulation, developments
stakeholders from around the world, including investors, civil
in LETs and NETs and evolving stakeholder expectations.
society groups, community groups and industry associations.
Investor engagement As a result of that feedback, we decided to make the following
We regularly engage with institutional shareholders and investor key changes to our approach to industry associations:
representative organisations in Australia, South Africa, Europe • We developed and published our Global Climate Policy
and the United States. During FY2020, management engaged Standards (31), which are intended to provide greater clarity
with investors in Australia, Europe and the US, including Climate on how our climate change policy positions should be
Action 100+ and the Australian Council of Superannuation reflected in our own advocacy and that of associations
Investors. Climate-related issues discussed with investors to which we belong.
included the proposed medium-term target, Scope 3 goals, • We announced our intention to work with the various
portfolio analysis, executive remuneration and offsets. associations that represent the minerals sector in Australia
A series of formal and informal engagements took place to develop and agree a protocol for the allocation of
in advance of the 2019 AGMs to discuss requisitioned advocacy accountabilities at the national and state levels,
shareholder resolutions and the approach BHP takes to the purpose of which would be to define the policy areas
industry associations and advocacy, in particular in relation on which the associations advocate, having regard to their
to industry associations’ advocacy on climate change. jurisdictional responsibilities.
The launch of our Industry Association review was followed • We announced our intention to work with key associations
by additional formal engagements in Australia, the UK in Australia to develop and publish an annual advocacy plan,
and in the Netherlands. Further information about the Industry the purpose of which would be to provide stakeholders with
Association review and our approach to industry association greater transparency on the policy priorities and activities of
membership is set out below. the associations.
Forum on Corporate Responsibility • We made a number of enhancements to our own disclosure
of our industry association memberships, to provide more
To help us engage with our stakeholders and ensure we have
information on our material association memberships,
access to leading expertise, we regularly seek advice from
disclose in ‘real time’ if a relevant association substantially
external experts and forums on sustainability issues.
departs from our climate change policy standards, and
The BHP Forum on Corporate Responsibility (FCR) is a key
update our industry association review process.
part of our stakeholder engagement program. The FCR
(31) https://www.bhp.com/-/media/documents/ourapproach/operatingwithintegrity/industryassociations/200814_globalclimatepolicystandards---aug20.pdf?la=en
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 35
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

3 Risk management
3.1 Risk Framework
BHP applies a single, Group-wide approach to the management of risk, known as the Risk Framework. This framework helps to protect
us against potential negative impacts, enables us to take risk for strategic reward and improves our resilience against emerging risks.
As shown in Figure 14, there are four pillars in our Risk Framework: risk strategy, risk governance, risk process and risk intelligence.
Figure 14. Risk Framework
Risk strategy Risk governance
Taking the right risks, The right people
at the right time, focusing on the
in the right way right things
Risk intelligence Risk process
Gaining insights Using the right
from our risk tools for the job
knowledge
Risk strategy
Group Risk Architecture Risk appetite
The Group Risk Architecture is a tool to identify, analyse, BHP’s Risk Appetite Statement has been approved by the
monitor and report risk, which provides a platform to Board and is a foundational element of our Risk Framework.
understand and manage the risks to which BHP is exposed. It provides guidance to management on the amount and type
of risk that is acceptable, and key risk indicators are set by
Risks in BHP’s risk profile are connected to a Group Risk.
management to help monitor performance against our risk
An overview of Group Risks is provided in the Strategic Report
appetite. It is made up of a qualitative statement for each
in the BHP Annual Report 2020 available online at bhp.com.
Group Risk category that describes the nature and extent
This approach gives the Board and management visibility over
of risk we are prepared to take in pursuing our objectives.
the aggregate exposure to risks on an enterprise-wide basis
and supports performance monitoring and reporting against We use key risk indicators (KRIs) to assist in identifying whether
BHP’s risk appetite. Climate change is a Priority Group Risk for BHP is operating within or outside of our risk appetite, as
BHP. Potential climate change impacts are also taken into defined in our Risk Appetite Statement. They also support
consideration when assessing certain risks that are grouped decision making by providing management with information
under other categories. about financial and non-financial risk exposure at the Group
level. Current KRIs for the Group Risk of climate change
In FY2020, a series of global workshops were conducted
include GHG emissions relative to the adjusted FY2017 baseline
with some of our Asset teams to identify and assess existing
and BHP’s rating on external climate-disclosure benchmarks.
business risks that may be intensified by future climate
change, and any potential new business risks that may be
driven by climate change. We used the workshop findings Risk governance
to compile a climate-related risk library as a resource across
Risk management accountability and oversight is an integral
the business. In FY2021, we aim to continue that process,
part of BHP’s governance. The Board reviews and considers
in order to identify and evaluate adaptation actions and
BHP’s risk profile, covering operational, strategic and emerging
to focus on further development of Group-wide strategic
risks, based on the Material Risk Report. The report includes an
climate-related risk assessments. See section 2.5 Adaptation
overview of the risk profile, summary of material changes to
strategy for more details.
the profile, performance against KRIs, summaries of our
priority Group Risks and updates on emerging risk themes.
See section 2.5 Adaptation for more details.
The Risk and Audit and the Sustainability Committees assist
the Board with the oversight of risk management.
36 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Risk process Risk intelligence
Our Risk Framework requires the identification and Board and senior management are provided with insights on
management of risks to be embedded in business activities trends and aggregate exposure for our most significant risks,
through the following processes: including climate change-related risks, as well as performance
• risk identification: new and emerging risks are identified against risk appetite, by the Risk team. The Board also receives
and each is assigned an owner, or accountable individual, reports from other teams to support its robust assessment
in the part of the business where the risk occurs of BHP’s emerging and current risks, including internal audit
• risk assessments: risks are assessed with the most reports and the Chief Executive Officer’s report.
appropriate technique to determine their potential For more detail on how the Board and senior management
impacts and likelihood, prioritise them and inform risk consider climate change in our strategy and planning, see
treatment options section 2 Taking action through targets, goals and strategies.
• risk treatment: controls are implemented to prevent,
reduce or mitigate downside risks and increase the likelihood
3.2 Climate-related risks
of opportunities being realised
• monitoring and reviewing: risks and controls are reviewed Risks associated with climate change and the transition
periodically and on an ad hoc basis to evaluate performance to a low carbon economy could affect the execution of our
strategy, the expansion of our portfolio and the ability of our
Our Risk Framework includes requirements and guidance
assets to operate efficiently. The complex and pervasive nature
on the tools and process to manage all risk types (current
of climate change means that it can act as an amplifier of other
and emerging).
risks across BHP’s risk profile. For example, greater risk of
We recognise the importance of integrating climate-related extreme weather increases both the likelihood and potential
threats and opportunities into BHP’s decision-making and impact of risks to the integrity of BHP’s assets. Climate-related
strategy formulation. Climate-related scenarios, themes and risk events also have the potential to manifest across
signposts are used to inform BHP’s strategy. Climate-related environmental, economic or other systems. For example,
risks are assessed alongside the other threats and opportunities a severe climate event may impact one of our assets and may
that BHP faces when making capital expenditure decisions or also spur a non-linear societal or regulatory response in a key
allocating capital through BHP’s Capital Allocation Framework. market in a different jurisdiction. In particular, climate change
BHP’s Risk Framework helps identify these risks for input to the may cause changes in water availability, sourcing, and quality.
prioritisation of capital and to investment approval processes. This may affect production, for example through a lack of
Climate-related risks, and decisions driven by consideration available water for ore processing, or cost, for example
of these risks, may result in financial reporting implications through increased charges to access water. Extreme
including the impairment of the Group’s asset carrying values. temperature changes may also affect our employee and
Indicators of impairment may include: community safety, operations, supply chain, transport needs
and the natural environment surrounding our operations.
• changes in the Group’s operating and economic
assumptions, including those arising from changes in Efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change can also
reserves or mine planning produce opportunities for BHP, for example through resource
• updates to the Group’s commodity supply, demand and price efficiency and cost savings, and building resilience along the
forecasts (which include carbon price forecasts) supply chain to support business continuity. External to the
• possible additional impacts from emerging risks such as business, opportunities may result from the adoption of
those related to climate change and the transition to a low low-emission energy sources requiring resources supplied
carbon economy by BHP, demand for our commodities, new products and
services and access to new markets.
BHP uses the ‘three lines of defence’ model of risk governance
and management to define the relationships and roles of Climate-related risks can be grouped in two categories:
different teams across the organisation in managing risk. transition risk and physical risk.
The first line of defence is management across our Functions
and Asset teams, who identify risk and implement controls. Transition risks
Management in the functions that define Group-wide minimum
standards and provide subject matter expertise form the Transition risks arise from policy, regulatory, legal,
second line of defence. The third line of defence is carried out technological, market and other societal responses to the
by Internal Audit and Advisory (IAA). IAA provides independent challenges posed by climate change and the transition to
assurance to management and the Board as to whether the a low carbon economy.
systems of risk management, internal control and governance The production and use of fossil fuels receive scrutiny from
are adequate. An annual Internal Audit Plan is reviewed, a range of stakeholders, including governments, investors,
approved and monitored by the RAC. As part of the Internal NGOs and communities. This is because the combustion
Audit Plan, IAA undertakes assurance of risks, including those of fossil fuels is a significant source of GHG emissions.
under the Group Risk category of Environment, Climate We produce fossil fuels (energy coal, oil and gas) used
Change and Community. primarily in the transport and electricity generation sectors,
as well as fossil fuels and other commodities that are used as
inputs to emissions-intensive industrial processes (including
metallurgical coal and iron ore used in steelmaking). We also
use fossil fuels in our mining and processing operations either
directly or through the purchase of fossil fuel-based electricity.
We therefore have already been and may be further impacted
by policies and regulations that reduce GHG emissions,
including from the resources, electricity generation, transport
and industrial sectors.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 37
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Technological and market-related risks include the substitution Potential impacts
of existing technologies with lower emissions options, such Physical climate change risks may manifest across the whole
as renewables, particularly in the electricity generation and production system (including our suppliers and customers),
transport sectors, which have the potential to reduce demand both within and outside BHP’s control. Extreme weather and
for fossil fuels. As we noted in section 2.1 Portfolio analysis, a environmental events can affect our assets by impacting on
strong trend to renewables, supported by battery storage, the safety and health of their operating teams and on
can also create opportunities for BHP due to the increased production targets. Risks related to the potential physical
demand for copper and nickel. impacts of climate change on our business may affect us
Potential impacts directly, such as by causing damage to our assets, or indirectly,
such as through value chain disruptions, or a combination of
Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change
both. They may also impact the wider environment in which
policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market, societal and
we operate, including the natural environment, communities
environmental outcomes are uncertain given the wide scope
and other stakeholders.
of influencing factors and the many countries in which we do
business. Some of the significant risks to BHP from the Physical climate change risks have the potential for a wide
transition to a low-carbon economy are outlined below. range of material impacts and can affect BHP’s relationships
• The Group’s asset carrying values or financial performance with, and be viewed negatively by, the community and other
may be affected by any adverse impacts to reserve estimates stakeholders, including:
or market prices that may occur if, for example, reserves are • adverse impacts to the health and safety of our people
rendered incapable of extraction or demand for fossil fuel • adverse impacts to our assets, which may affect our
commodities (such as petroleum and energy coal) decreases business, including through reduced productivity, increased
due to policy, regulatory (including carbon pricing costs and project schedule delays
mechanisms), legal, technological, market or other societal
• disruptions to our supply chains, transport and distribution
responses to climate change in our operating jurisdictions
networks, customers’ facilities and the markets in which we
or markets.
sell our products.
• Climate change may increase competition for, and the
We take a risk-based approach to adaptation, including
regulation of, limited resources, such as power and water,
consideration of the potential vulnerabilities of our operated
which are critical to the operation of our business. This could
assets, investments, portfolio, communities, ecosystems and
affect the productivity of our assets and the costs associated
our suppliers and customers across the value chain.
with our assets.
• We are impacted by current and emerging policy and
For more detail, see section 2.5 Adaptation strategy.
regulation aimed at reducing GHG emissions from the
resources, electricity generation, transport and industrial
We also look to contribute to community and ecosystem
sectors, including the introduction of carbon pricing
resilience. Through our Social Investment Framework,
mechanisms. Climate change policy and regulation, as well
we work with strategic partners and communities to invest
as changes to international reporting standards on climate
in voluntary projects that contribute to the management of
change and pressure from society for more rapid and
areas of national or international conservation significance
aggressive action from governments and companies,
and offer climate resilience co-benefits. Since 2011, we have
may reduce demand for our products, increase our costs and
contributed more than US$77 million to biodiversity
affect our business and stakeholders, including by reducing
conservation through our alliance with Conservation
investor confidence.
International and other partners. See section 2.4 Natural
• Increased scrutiny of applications for licences, permits and
climate solutions strategy for more details.
authorisations required to develop our assets and projects,
including third parties contesting such applications.
This could delay, limit or prevent future development Transition and physical risks
of our assets or affect the productivity of our assets
The following threats, which are common to risks related to
and the costs associated with our assets.
both the physical impacts of climate change and the transition
• The Group’s reputation and financial performance may be
to a low carbon economy, may also materially and adversely
impacted by concerns regarding the contribution of fossil
affect our business:
fuels to climate change (e.g. some financial institutions and
• increased costs for mitigation, offsets or financial
other institutional investors have declared an intention to exit
compensatory actions or obligations, including taxes
certain commodities that are seen to be associated with
and royalties
climate change, such as energy coal). Impacts could affect
• restricted access to capital or an inability to attract
our share price, reduce investor confidence, constrain our
or retain employees
ability to access capital from financial markets, or result in
an inability or increase in cost to insure our assets. • adverse impacts to the environment, communities, human
rights and social wellbeing, which could affect our relationships
We discuss the opportunities for our commodities in section 2.1 with, and be viewed negatively by, the community and other
Portfolio analysis.
stakeholders and damage our reputation
• opposition to new projects or our entry to new jurisdictions
Physical risks by communities, including through legal or social action,
or other loss of business opportunities
Risks related to the potential physical impacts of climate
• the Group may be subject to or impacted by climate-related
change include acute risks resulting from increased severity
litigation (including class actions), associated costs and
of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from
reputational damage
longer-term changes in climate patterns, for example, potential
changes in precipitation patterns, water shortages, rising sea
levels, increased storm intensities, higher temperatures and
natural disasters.
38 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

3.3 Emerging risks
Emerging risks are newly developing or changing risks that In FY2020, we introduced an enterprise-level ‘watch list’
are highly uncertain and difficult to quantify. They are generally of themes that provides an evolving view of the changing
driven by external influences and often cannot be prevented, external environment and how it might have an impact on our
although they can be prepared for. They also tend to be business. This watch list includes ‘non-linear climate change’.
interconnected and often require solutions that draw upon This theme addresses the potential for the climate system to
expertise from across our organisation. BHP’s approach to pass through ‘tipping points’, which could trigger abrupt
emerging risks focuses on maintaining a robust view of the impacts that make adaptation difficult.
changing external environment and building our resilience
Once identified, our focus for emerging risks is on reducing
and capacity to respond.
the impact should an event occur, and on advocacy efforts
Many climate change risks are sufficiently well understood to reduce the likelihood of the risks manifesting (for example,
to be treated as current risks, and enable us to implement advocating for public policy responses to mitigate greenhouse
controls to prevent, reduce or mitigate their impact on BHP. gas emissions). We apply contingency controls, such as
However, as our understanding of climate science continues response plans, to emerging risks that are outside our appetite.
to develop, new technologies are explored and responses These controls increase the resilience of BHP to shocks from
to climate change evolve, new risks are emerging. Effective the external environment.
management of emerging risks is critical to strengthening
our resilience to foreseeable changes as well as our ability
to capture opportunities arising from climate change.
Looking ahead
Our commitments provide a pathway for action These technologies include carbon capture, utilisation
This Report is a foundation for action. We have laid out a and storage (CCUS), direct air capture (DAC) and the
comprehensive series of metrics, targets and goals. We have natural climate solutions of reforestation and afforestation.
committed to holding management to account through a Consideration of the 1.5°C scenario in our portfolio analysis
direct linkage of climate-related targets and goals to executive highlights that the world needs these technologies without
remuneration. And we have affirmed our commitment to delay and at scale. We will continue to seek opportunities to
advocate for public policy in pursuit of global decarbonisation. collaborate with value chain partners, investors, researchers
We will remain alert to technological, political and societal and governments to work towards net-zero emissions globally
developments that may indicate changes to our signposts and by 2050.
the development of new uncertainties for our portfolio Building a better world
analysis. We will continue to monitor developments and review
Ultimately, BHP’s business is founded on providing the
our approach as necessary, to respond to evolving approaches
resources that communities and nations need to build better
to climate change and climate-related disclosures.
lives for their citizens today, and to create a brighter future
A shared global challenge for the decades to come. Building that future around a stable
We also recognise our role in collaborating with others to climate would mean that the potential of the resources we
achieve progress in managing the challenges of climate produce is maximised, their value should be higher, and the
change. Without collaboration, the world will not be able to quality of life of hundreds of millions of people around the
achieve the goals of growth, equity and decarbonisation for world would be better.
the long-term. The challenges inherent in our 1.5°C scenario
illustrate the scale of the task ahead. We will seek opportunities
to work with partners to commercialise, at scale and
acceptable cost, low emissions and negative emissions
technologies that are critical for the transition to a 1.5°C world.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 39
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

The external landscape of climate-related corporate governance standards has evolved significantly
over the past decade, particularly since 2015 when the Paris Agreement was negotiated. BHP
participates in a range of climate-related standards, voluntary initiatives and public commitments
as shown here.
Standards and ratings performance
Transition
Pathway Initiative
DISCLOSURE INSIGHT ACTION
Top ranking of 1 A– One of only 8 companies Sustainability reporting Score of 71.6% (Top 5).
(scale of 1–10) that score 4* – satisfy all of prepared in accordance More than half of benchmarked
the criteria with comprehensive-level companies scored less than 20%
reporting years
(1)
S&P Global Ratings
Ranked in 69th percentile
Voluntary initiatives and public commitments
Extractive industries
Transparency Intitiative
Business membership
(1) T he use by BHP of any MSCI ESG research LLC or its affiliates
(“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service
marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship,
endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of BHP by MSCI.
MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information
providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI
names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
40 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Our Conclusion:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that suggests that
BHP’s Climate Change Report 2020 (‘the Report’) disclosures in accordance with the Recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), including the reasonableness of assumptions and approach supporting BHP’s scenario analysis, have not
been prepared and presented fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with the criteria defined below.
What our review covered Our procedures included:
Ernst & Young (EY) was engaged by BHP to provide limited assurance over the ► Interviewing key personnel to understand the reporting process, including
following information (‘subject matter’) in accordance with the noted criteria: management’s processes to identify BHP’s material climate-related risks
► BHP’s disclosures in relation to the TCFD Recommendations, as presented and opportunities
in BHP’s Climate Change Report 2020 (‘the Report’) ► Checking the Report to understand how BHP’s identified material climate-
► The assumptions and approach supporting BHP’s scenario analysis and related risks and opportunities are reflected in the qualitative disclosures
portfolio analysis. ► Evaluating the suitability of the Criteria and that the Criteria have been
applied appropriately to the Subject Matter
Criteria applied by BHP:
► Checked if the assumptions and approach supporting BHP’s scenario
The criteria for our assurance engagement (‘Criteria’) include the following: analysis and portfolio assessment were consistent with the principles
► Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial specified in the criteria
Disclosures ► Undertaking analytical procedures of the Metrics disclosed in the Report
► World Resources Institute/ World Business Council for Sustainable ► On a sample basis, based on our professional judgement, agreeing claims
Development (WRI/WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol. and metrics to source information to check the accuracy and completeness
The criteria also include the list of principles that have been used by BHP to of the claims
determine the approach to reporting against the TCFD recommendations, ► Identifying and testing the reasonableness of assumptions and approach
including the assumptions and approach supporting BHP’s scenario analysis
supporting BHP’s climate scenarios.
and potential portfolio implications, and are as presented below:
► Reasonableness, including We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our limited assurance conclusions.
► Transparency – that the Climate Change Report details the
assumptions and approach undertaken by BHP to assess and manage Other Matters
climate risks and opportunities We have not performed assurance procedures in respect of any information
► Neutrality – that BHP’s approach to assessing climate risk and relating to prior reporting periods, including those presented in the Report. Our
opportunity neither overstates, nor understates the impact review does not extend to any disclosures or assertions made by BHP that do
not relate to the TCFD Recommendations or BHP’s scenario and portfolio
► Relevance – that BHP’s approach and assumptions appropriately analysis.
considers geographic location and commodity implications
While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when
► Completeness – that the approach considers all material climate risks and determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance
opportunities engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls. Our
► Replicability – that the approach allows for consistent assessment and procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to
evaluation of the impacts of climate risks and opportunities, including BHP’s checking aggregation or calculation of data within IT systems.
management approach.
Limited Assurance
Key responsibilities Procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and
timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance
EY’s responsibility and independence engagement. Consequently the level of assurance obtained in a limited
Our responsibility was to express a limited assurance conclusion on the noted assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would
subject matter under “What our review covered”. have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
Our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to
We were also responsible for maintaining our independence and confirm that
base our conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be required
we have met the requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
to provide a reasonable level of assurance.
Accountants including independence, and have the required competencies and
experience to conduct this assurance engagement.
Use of our Assurance Statement
BHP’s responsibility We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance
BHP’s management was responsible for selecting the Criteria and preparing report to any persons other than management and the Directors of BHP, or for
and fairly presenting the Subject Matter in the Climate Change Report 2020 in any purpose other than that for which it was prepared.
accordance with that Criteria. This responsibility includes establishing and Our review included web-based information that was available via web links as
maintaining internal controls, adequate records and making estimates that are of the date of this statement. We provide no assurance over changes to the
reasonable in the circumstances. content of this web-based information after the date of this assurance
statement.
Our approach to conducting the review
We conducted this review in accordance with the International Federation of
Accountants' International Standard on Assurance Engagements Other Than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 3000), Assurance
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements (ISAE 3410), Assurance
Engagements involving Corporate Fundraisings and/or Prospective Financial
Information (ISAE 3450) and the terms of reference for this engagement as Ernst & Young Mathew Nelson
agreed with BHP on 29 June 2020. Melbourne, Australia Partner
28 August 2020
Summary of review procedures performed
A review consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
preparing the Climate Change Report 2020 and related information, and
applying analytical and other review procedures.
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 41
targets,
goals
and
strategies
Executive
Summary
Governance
Taking
action
through
our
Risk
Management
Looking
ahead

Glossary
1.5°C world Continuing operations
The Paris Agreement’s central aim is to strengthen the global response Assets/operations/entities that are owned and/or operated by
to the threat of climate change by keeping a global temperature rise BHP, excluding major assets/operations/entities classified as
this century well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and to pursue Discontinued Operations.
efforts to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5°C. In this
Copper cathode
Report, we discuss modelling of a possible GHG emissions trajectory
Electrolytically refined copper that has been deposited on the cathode
to 2100 that limits global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.
of an electrolytic bath of acidified copper sulphate solution. The refined
We refer to a ‘1.5°C world’ as the 2050 point on this trajectory.
copper may also be produced through leaching and electrowinning.
Activity data
DAC
A quantitative measure of a level of activity that results in greenhouse
Direct air capture.
gas emissions. Activity data is multiplied by an energy factor and/or an
emission factor to derive the energy consumption and greenhouse Discontinued operations
gas emissions associated with a process or an operation. Examples of Major assets/operations/entities that have either been disposed
activity data include kilowatt-hours of electricity used, quantity of fuel of or are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5/AASB 5
used, output of a process, hours equipment is operated, distance Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
travelled and floor area of a building.
DLC
Assets Dual listed company.
Assets are a set of one or more geographically proximate operations
Downstream emissions
(including open-cut mines, underground mines, and onshore and
Indirect GHG emissions from sold goods and services. Downstream
offshore oil and gas production and production facilities). Assets
emissions also include emissions from products that are distributed
include our operated and non-operated assets.
but not sold (i.e. without receiving payment).
bcf
DRI
Billion cubic feet.
Direct reduced iron.
BECCS
ELT (Executive Leadership Team)
Bioenergy carbon capture and storage.
The Executive Leadership Team directly reports to the Chief Executive
BHP Officer and is responsible for the day-to-day management of BHP and
Both companies in the DLC structure, being BHP Group Limited leading the delivery of our strategic objectives.
and BHP Group Plc and their respective subsidiaries.
Emissions factor
BHP Group Limited A factor that converts activity data into greenhouse gas emissions data
BHP Group Limited and its subsidiaries. (e.g. kg CO2-e emitted per GJ of fuel consumed, kg CO2-e emitted per
KWh of electricity used).
BHP Group Plc
BHP Group Plc and its subsidiaries. Energy
Energy means all forms of energy products where ‘energy products’
BMA
means combustible fuels, heat, renewable energy, electricity, or any
BHP Mitsubishi Alliance.
other form of energy from operations that are owned or controlled by
BMC BHP. The primary sources of energy consumption come from fuel
BHP Mitsui Coal. consumed by haul trucks at our operated assets, as well as purchased
electricity used at our operated assets.
Board
The Board of Directors of BHP. Energy content factor
The energy content of a fuel is an inherent chemical property that
CAGR
is a function of the number and types of chemical bonds in the fuel.
Compound annual growth rate.
Energy coal
Capital goods
Used as a fuel source in electrical power generation, cement
Final goods that have an extended life and are used by the company
manufacture and various industrial applications. Energy coal may also
to manufacture a product, provide a service, or sell, store, and deliver
be referred to as steaming or thermal coal.
merchandise. In financial accounting, capital goods are treated as fixed
assets or plant, property and equipment (PP&E). Examples of capital Equity share approach
goods include equipment, machinery, buildings, facilities, and vehicles. A consolidation approach whereby a company accounts for
greenhouse gas emissions from operations according to its share of
CCB
equity in the operation. The equity share reflects economic interest,
Climate, Community and Biodiversity.
which is the extent of rights a company has to the risks and rewards
CCUS flowing from an operation. Also see the definition for ‘Operational
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage and/or carbon capture control approach’.
and storage.
EVs
CDP Electric vehicles.
Cash and Deferred Plan.
Firming capacity
CO2 equivalent (CO2e) Gas-fired generation or energy storage systems (batteries or pumped
The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global warming hydro) can be used to ‘firm up’ the variable, intermittent power output
potential (GWP) of each greenhouse gas, expressed in terms of the from a renewable power generation plant, such as wind or solar.
GWP of one unit of carbon dioxide. It is used to evaluate releasing
Financial control approach
(or avoiding releasing) different greenhouse gases against a
A consolidation approach whereby a company reports GHG emissions
common basis.
based on the accounting treatment in the company’s consolidated
Commercial financial statements, as follows:
Our Commercial function optimises value creation and minimises costs
• 100% for operations accounted for as subsidiaries, regardless
across our end-to-end supply chain. It is organised around our core
of equity interest owned; and
value chain activities – Sales and Marketing; Maritime and Supply Chain
Excellence; Procurement; and Warehousing Inventory and Logistics and • for operations accounted for as a joint operation, the company’s
Property – supported by short and long-term market insights, strategy interest in the operation.
and planning activities, and close partnership with our operated assets.
It does not report GHG emissions from operations which are accounted
Company for using the equity method in the company’s financial statements.
BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and their respective subsidiaries.
42 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

FPSOs Long-term
Floating Production and Storage Offtake. Long-term goal is set for 2050.
Functions Market-based method (for reporting)
Functions operate along global reporting lines to provide support to all Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on the generators
areas of the organisation. Functions have specific accountabilities and (and therefore the generation fuel mix from which the reporter
deep expertise in areas such as finance, legal, governance, technology, contractually purchases electricity and/or is directly provided electricity
human resources, corporate affairs, health, safety and community. via a direct line transfer).
Fugitive emissions Medium-term
Emissions that are not physically controlled but result from the Medium-term target is set for FY2030.
intentional or unintentional releases of GHGs.
Metallurgical coal
GDP A broader term than coking coal, which includes all coals used in
Gross domestic product. steelmaking, such as coal used for the pulverised coal injection process.
GHG (Greenhouse gas) Minerals Americas
For BHP reporting purposes, these are the aggregate anthropogenic A group of assets located in Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Peru and
carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), the United States (see ‘Asset groups’) focusing on copper, zinc, iron ore,
methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), energy coal and potash.
perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6).
Minerals Australia
GWP (Global warming potential) A group of assets located in Australia (see ‘Asset groups’). Minerals
A factor describing the radiative forcing impact (degree of harm to Australia includes operations in Western Australia, Queensland,
the atmosphere) of one unit of a given greenhouse gas relative to one New South Wales and South Australia, focusing on iron ore, copper,
unit of CO2. BHP currently uses GWP from the Intergovernmental Panel metallurgical, and energy coal and nickel.
on Climate Change (IPCC) Assessment Report 4 (AR4) based on
MMboe
100-year timeframe.
Million barrels of oil equivalent.
Grid
Mt
A system of power transmission and distribution (T&D) lines under
Million tonnes.
the control of a coordinating entity or ‘grid operator,’ which transfers
electrical energy generated by power plants to energy users—also Mtpa
called a ‘power grid.’ Million tonnes per annum.
Group NDCs
BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and their respective subsidiaries. Nationally Determined Contributions.
Gt NET
Gigatonne. Negative emissions technology.
GtCO2e NO
x
Gigatonne carbon dioxide equivalent. Nitrogen oxides.
HPIF OIF
High Potential Injury Frequency. Occupational Illness Frequency.
HSEC Onshore US
Health, Safety, Environment and Community. BHP’s former petroleum asset in four US shale areas (Eagle Ford,
Permian, Haynesville and Fayetteville), where we produced oil,
IAA
condensate, gas and natural gas liquids.
Internal Audit and Advisory.
Operational boundaries
ICE
The boundaries that determine the direct and indirect
Internal combustion engine.
emissions associated with operations owned or controlled
IFC by the reporting company.
International Finance Corporation.
Operational control approach
IMO A consolidation approach whereby a company accounts for 100 per
International Maritime Organisation. cent of the greenhouse gas emissions over which it has operational
control (a company is considered to have operational control over an
IPCC
operation if it or one of its subsidiaries has the full authority to
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
introduce and implement its operating policies at the operation).
ktpa It does not account for greenhouse gas emissions from operations
kilotonne per annum. in which it owns an interest but does not have operational control.
Also see the definition for ‘Equity share approach’.
KPIs
Key performance indicators. Operations
Open-cut mines, underground mines, onshore and offshore oil and gas
KRIs
production and processing facilities.
Key risk indicators.
P2NZ
LET
Pathway to next zero (emissions).
Low emissions technology.
Paris Agreement
LNG (liquefied natural gas)
The Paris Agreement is an agreement between countries under the
Consists largely of methane that has been liquefied through chilling
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC)
and pressurisation. One tonne of LNG is approximately equivalent to
to strengthen efforts to combat climate change and adapt to its effects,
46,000 cubic feet of natural gas.
with enhanced support to assist developing countries.
Location-based reporting
Paris Agreement goals
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on average energy
The central objective of the Paris Agreement is its long-term
generation emission factors for defined geographic locations, including
temperature goal to hold global average temperature increase to well
local, subnational, or national boundaries (i.e. grid factors). In the case
below 2°C above preindustrial levels and pursue efforts to limit the
of a direct line transfer, the location-based emissions are equivalent to
temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.
the market-based emissions.
BHP Climate Change Report 2020 43

Paris-aligned Short-term
Aligned to the Paris Agreement goals. Short-term target is set for FY2022.
Power purchase agreement (PPA) SO
x
A type of contract that allows a consumer, typically large industrial Sulphur oxides.
or commercial entities, to form an agreement with a specific energy
SSP
generating unit. The contract itself specifies the commercial terms
Shared socioeconomic pathways.
including delivery, price, payment, etc. In many markets, these
contracts secure a long-term stream of revenue for an energy project. TCFD
In order for the consumer to say they are buying the electricity of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
specific generator, attributes shall be contractually transferred to the
TPED
consumer with the electricity.
Total primary energy demand.
PCI
TRIF
Pulverised coal injection.
Total Recordable Injury Frequency
Primary data
TGR
Data from specific activities within a company’s value chain.
Top gas recycling.
Process
TWh
A set of interrelated or interacting activities that transforms
Terawatt per hour.
or transports a product.
Value chain
Proxy data
Refers to all of the upstream and downstream activities associated
Data from a similar process or activity that is used as a stand-in for
with the operations of the reporting company, including the use of sold
the given process or activity without being customized to be more
products by consumers and the end-of-life treatment of sold products
representative of the given process or activity.
after consumer use.
RAC
VCUs
Risk and Audit Committee of the Board.
Verified carbon units.
Residual mix
WAIO
The mix of energy generation resources and associated attributes such
Western Australia Iron Ore.
as greenhouse gas emissions in a defined geographic boundary left
after contractual instruments have been claimed/retired/cancelled.
The residual mix can provide an emission factor for companies without
contractual instruments to use in a market-based method calculation.
A residual mix is currently unavailable to account for voluntary
purchases and this may result in double counting between
electricity consumers.
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are direct emissions from
operations that are owned or controlled by BHP, primarily emissions
from fuel consumed by haul trucks at our operated assets, as well as
fugitive methane emissions from coal mining and petroleum
production at our operated assets. Scope 1 refers to direct greenhouse
gas emissions from operated assets.
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are indirect emissions from
the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat or
cooling that is consumed by operations that are owned or controlled
by BHP. Our Scope 2 emissions have been calculated using the
market-based method using supplier specific emission factors
unless otherwise specified.
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are all other indirect emissions
(not included in Scope 2) that occur in BHP’s value chain, primarily
emissions resulting from our customers using the fossil fuel
commodities and processing the non-fossil fuel commodities we
sell, as well as upstream emissions associated with the extraction,
production and transportation of the goods, services, fuels and energy
we purchase for use at our operations; emissions resulting from the
transportation and distribution of our products; and operational
emissions (on an equity basis) from our non-operated joint ventures.
44 BHP Climate Change Report 2020

Corporate directory
BHP Registered Offices BHP Corporate Centres Commercial Office
BHP Group Limited Chile Singapore
Australia Cerro El Plomo 6000 10 Marina Boulevard, #07-01
171 Collins Street Piso 18 Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 2
Melbourne VIC 3000 Las Condes 7560623 Singapore 018983
Telephone Australia 1300 55 47 57 Santiago Telephone +65 6421 6000
Telephone International +61 3 9609 3333 Telephone +56 2 2579 5000 Facsimile +65 6421 6800
Facsimile +61 3 9609 3015 Facsimile +56 2 2207 6517
BHP Group Plc United States
United Kingdom Our agent for service in the United States
Nova South, 160 Victoria Street is Jennifer Lopez-Burkland at:
London SW1E 5LB 1500 Post Oak Boulevard,
Telephone +44 20 7802 4000 Houston TX 77056-3004
Facsimile +44 20 7802 4111 Telephone +1 713 961 8500
Group General Counsel & Company Facsimile +1 713 961 8400
Secretary
Caroline Cox
Share Registrars and Transfer Offices South Africa United States
Australia BHP Group Plc Branch Register Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
BHP Group Limited Registrar and Transfer Secretary 150 Royall Street
Computershare Investor Services Computershare Investor Services Canton MA 02021
Pty Limited (Pty) Limited Postal address – PO Box 43078
Yarra Falls, 452 Johnston Street Rosebank Towers Providence RI 02940-3078
Abbotsford VIC 3067 15 Biermann Avenue Telephone +1 888 404 6340
Postal address – GPO Box 2975 Rosebank 2196 (toll-free within US)
Melbourne VIC 3001 South Africa Facsimile +1 312 601 4331
Telephone 1300 656 780 (within Australia) Postal address – Private Bag X9000 ADR Depositary, Transfer Agent and Registrar
+61 3 9415 4020 (outside Australia) Saxonwold 2132 Citibank Shareholder Services
South Africa
Facsimile +61 3 9473 2460 PO Box 43077
Telephone +27 11 373 0033
Email enquiries: investorcentre.com/bhp Providence RI 02940-3077
Facsimile +27 11 688 5217
Telephone +1 781 575 4555 (outside of US)
United Kingdom Email enquiries: +1 877 248 4237 (+1-877-CITIADR)
BHP Group Plc Registrar web.queries@computershare.co.za (toll-free within US)
Computershare Investor Services PLC Holders of shares dematerialised into Strate Facsimile +1 201 324 3284
The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road should contact their CSDP or stockbroker.
Email enquiries:
Bristol BS13 8AE
New Zealand citibank@shareholders-online.com
Postal address (for general enquiries) Computershare Investor Services Limited Website: citi.com/dr
The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road Level 2/159 Hurstmere Road
Bristol BS99 6ZZ Takapuna Auckland 0622
Telephone +44 344 472 7001 Postal address – Private Bag 92119
Facsimile +44 370 703 6101 Auckland 1142
Email enquiries: Telephone +64 9 488 8777
investorcentre.co.uk/contactus
Facsimile +64 9 488 8787
How to access information on BHP
AR20enp2 no0 uratl ECR20 c eoo p2 nn o0 tro ritbm uicti on
BHP produces a range of publications, which are available to
download at bhp.com. If you are a shareholder, you can also
elect to receive a paper copy of the Annual Report through one
of the Share Registrars listed above.
Btorginegthinegr ptoe obpulield a an bde rtetseor uwrocrelsd tBorginegthinegr ptoe obpulield a an bde rtetseor uwrocrelsd
Subscribe to receive news alerts
Read our reports at Annual Report Economic
sent directly to your email address 2020 Contribution
bhp.com Report 2020
linkedin. c om /c ompany / bhp
youtube . com/ b hp
twitter. com/ b hp
FSC logo here
Printer to place

bhp.com