--- Document Metadata ---
Title: Climate Transition Action Plan
Author: Owner
Created: D:20210915104308+10'00'
Pages: 27
--- End Metadata ---

BHP Climate Transition Plan 2021 1

Contents
Executive summary
1. Pursuing net zero
Our role and the opportunity to act
A suite of actions to drive results
2. Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions position and performance
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions profile
FY2021 progress
Carbon offset strategy
3. Scope 3 emissions position and performance
Scope 3 emissions profile
Energy products
Procurement
Maritime
Steelmaking
Future facing commodities
4. Assessing capital alignment with a 1.5°C world
Green revenue
5. Just transition
6. Climate policy engagement
7. Climate governance
Board skills and experience
Executive remuneration
Stakeholder engagement
Management authority
8. TCFD disclosure
Glossary
Reporting terms
Abbreviations key

BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 2

The Climate Transition Action Plan 2021 is
available at bhp.com
BHP Group Limited. ABN 49 004 028 077. Registered in Australia. Registered office: 171 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia. BHP Group Plc. Registration number 3196209.
Registered in England and Wales. Registered office: Nova South, 160 Victoria Street London SW1E 5LB United Kingdom. Each of BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc is a member of the
Group. BHP is a Dual Listed Company structure comprising BHP Group Limited and BHP Group Plc. The two entities continue to exist as separate companies but operate as a combined
group known as BHP.
The headquarters of BHP Group Limited and the global headquarters of the combined Group are located in Melbourne, Australia. The headquarters of BHP Group Plc are located in London,
United Kingdom. Both companies have identical Boards of Directors and are run by a unified management team. Throughout this publication, the Boards are referred to collectively as the
Board. Shareholders in each company have equivalent economic and voting rights in the Group as a whole.
In this BHP Climate Transition Action Plan (Plan), the terms ‘BHP’, the ‘Company’, the ‘Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘ourselves’ refer to BHP Group Limited, BHP
Group Plc and, except where the context otherwise requires, their respective subsidiaries as defined in note 13 ‘Related undertakings of the Group’ in section 3.2 of the BHP Annual Report
2021 available at bhp.com/annualreport. Those terms do not include non-operated assets.
This Plan covers BHP’s assets (including those under exploration, projects in development or execution phases, sites and closed operations) that have been wholly owned and/or operated
by BHP and that have been owned as a joint venture1 operated by BHP (referred to in this Plan as ‘operated assets’ or ‘operations’) during the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021. Our
functions are also included.
BHP also holds interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not operated by BHP (referred to in this Plan as ‘non-operated joint ventures’ or ‘non-operated assets’).
Notwithstanding that this Plan may include production, financial, greenhouse gas emissions and other information from non-operated assets, non-operated assets are not included in the BHP
Group and, as a result, statements regarding our operations, assets and values apply only to our operated assets unless stated otherwise.
Forward looking statements
This Plan has been prepared for submission to a shareholder advisory vote at the 2021 Annual General Meetings of BHP. It has not been prepared as financial or investment advice or to
provide any guidance in relation to the future performance of BHP.
This Plan contains forward looking statements, including, but not limited to: statements regarding trends in commodity prices and supply and demand for commodities; plans, strategies and
objectives of management; assumed long-term scenarios; potential global responses to climate change; regulatory and policy developments; the development of certain technologies; the
potential effect of possible future events on the value of the BHP portfolio and the plans, strategies and objectives of management.
Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology, including, but not limited to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’,
‘expect’, ‘commit’, ‘may’, ‘should’, ‘need’, ‘must’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘continue’ , ‘forecast’, ‘guidance’, ‘trend’ or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations concerning the results of
assets or financial conditions, or provide other forward looking information. In particular, such statements may include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to the purpose, goals,
targets, plans and objectives of BHP, assumptions made in energy, and other forms of environmental transition scenarios, as well as statements about how we run our business, including our
work with contractors and partners, and our work with suppliers and customers.
The forward looking statements in this Plan are based on management’s current expectations and reflect judgements, assumptions, estimates and other the information available as at the
date of this Plan and/or the date of the Group’s planning processes or scenario analysis processes. There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if
any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes for us. Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and
may or may not eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.
Additionally, forward looking statements do not represent guarantees or predictions of future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of
which are beyond our control, and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this Plan. BHP cautions against reliance on any
forward looking statements or guidance.
For example, future revenues from our operations, projects or mines described in this Plan will be based, in part, upon the market price of the minerals, metals or petroleum produced, which
may vary significantly from current levels. These variations, if materially adverse, may affect the timing or the feasibility of the development of a particular project, the expansion of certain
facilities or mines, or the continuation of existing operations.
There are a number of other factors that may have an adverse effect on our results or operations, including those identified in the risk factors discussed in BHP’s filings with the US Securities
and Exchange Commission (the ‘SEC’) (including in Annual Reports on Form 20-F) which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new
information or future events. Forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this Plan or the date planning process assumptions or scenario analysis assumptions were adopted, as
relevant. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.
Emissions data
Due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions under the calculation methodologies used in the preparation of such data, all GHG emissions
data or references to GHG emissions volumes (including ratios or percentages) in this Plan are estimates. There may also be differences in the manner that third parties calculate or report
GHG emissions data compared to BHP, which means that third party data may not be comparable to our data. For information on how we calculate our GHG emissions, see the BHP Scope
1, 2 and 3 GHG Emissions Calculation Methodology, available at bhp.com/climate.
No offer of securities
Nothing in this Plan should be construed as either an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell BHP securities in any jurisdiction, or be treated or relied upon as a recommendation or
advice by BHP.
Reliance on third party information
The views expressed in this Plan contain information that has been derived from publicly available sources that have not been independently verified. No representation or warranty is made
as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information. This Plan should not be relied upon as a recommendation or forecast by BHP.
1 References in this Plan to a ‘joint venture’ are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not intended to
characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the asset.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 3

Executive summary
The world faces a critical challenge to respond effectively to the 2030, and supporting 40 per cent emissions intensity reduction
risks of climate change. These risks are clear and pressing. of BHP-chartered shipping of our products.
Every segment of society – including business, government,
investors, scientists and consumers – has a role to play. The The challenge moving forward
world must prioritise action by focusing on sustained emissions For more than 130 years, BHP has been producing resources
reductions to enable global net zero2 emissions. that have supported economic growth and made countless lives
better, around the world. But the production of resources is not
BHP recognises the role we must play in helping the world an end in itself; it is what these resources enable that makes the
achieve its decarbonisation ambitions. This Climate Transition real difference: driving growth and development; underpinning
Action Plan (Plan) provides an overview of our role and actions. materials for sanitation and healthcare; sustainable food
It sets out our strategic approach to reduce greenhouse gas production; developing industry; building vital infrastructure and
(GHG) emissions3 to net zero4 within our operations by 2050 and allowing broad based wealth creation.
to work with customers and suppliers to support their own
emissions reductions, consistent with the ambition of pursuing We recognise there is more to do. BHP’s long-term success is
net zero in our value chain. dependent on a continued ability to attract people and capital
and secure access to the resources the world needs, as well as
Commitment and action providing continued value to those who rely on us. Our
BHP has been taking action to address climate risks for commodities are necessary for economic growth and for
decades. We first set emissions targets in 1996, have disclosed decarbonisation. Both outcomes are necessary if we are to
our emissions performance since 1998 and for more than 10 achieve our purpose, ‘To bring people and resources together to
years have incorporated carbon price assessments in our build a better world’.
operational and project planning. We were involved in one of the
Our portfolio is already well positioned to support the transition to
earliest trades under the European Union Emissions Trading
a lower carbon world aligned with the Paris Agreement goals,
Scheme in January 2005. In 2015, we were one of the first
while creating value for our shareholders and our broader
companies to disclose the potential impacts of a low carbon
transition on demand for our products and our profitability5. stakeholders. We have an important role to play in supporting a
transition to a high-growth, net zero emissions future: providing
All of these steps were tied to our business strategy and the essential building blocks for renewable energy and other
understanding of long-term risks. This commercially-driven decarbonisation infrastructure from our steelmaking materials
approach remains the defining feature of our climate planning. (iron ore and metallurgical coal) and future facing commodities
(including copper, nickel, and potash). To help enable a net zero
We continue to make significant progress in our climate actions emissions future, our commodities can play a vital part in
to date, including tackling reductions in our operational accelerating the displacement of emissions intensive activities by
emissions6 (where, for example, our iron ore production has the lower emissions alternatives.
lowest emissions intensity in the sector7), supporting research
into breakthrough low carbon solutions, investing in nature- The scenario analysis in the BHP Climate Change Report 202011
based solutions including REDD and REDD+ projects8, and indicates that our portfolio is resilient and, in fact, many of our
contributing to public policy debates on options to support commodities would further benefit from an accelerated
economy-wide decarbonisation. decarbonisation pathway. In our 1.5°C scenario12, the world is
expected to need almost twice as much steel in the next 30
We have also extended our own emissions reduction years as it did in the last 30. To keep pace with the development
commitments.9 In 2020, we set a medium-term target to reduce of renewable technologies such as electric vehicles and solar
our operational emissions by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 energy, copper production will have to double over the next 30
levels10 by FY2030. Our long-term goal is to achieve net zero years. Under our 1.5°C scenario, nickel production will have to
operational emissions by 2050. In 2020, we also set goals for increase nearly four-fold to power the next generation of battery
2030 of supporting the development of technologies and technology. Finally, potash will be vital for more efficient
pathways capable of 30 per cent emissions intensity reduction in agricultural practices, and to ease pressure on scarce arable
integrated steelmaking with widespread adoption expected post
2 Net zero refers to a state in which the greenhouse gases (as defined in the Glossary) going into the atmosphere are balanced by removal out of the
atmosphere. All further references to ‘net zero’ in this Plan for industry sectors, the global economy, transition or future, or similar, have this meaning.
Refer to the Glossary at the end of this Plan for our definition of key terms.
3 All further references to ‘emissions’ in this Plan are to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
4 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
5 The BHP Climate Change: Portfolio Analysis 2015 report is available at bhp.com
6 ‘Operational emissions’ in this Plan refers to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from our operated assets.
7 ‘Building a better world’: BHP Climate change briefing presentation, 10 September 2020.
8 REDD and REDD+ are the United Nations programs for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation.
9 These positions are expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.
10 FY2020 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will
be used as required.
11 The BHP Climate Change Report 2020 is available at bhp.com/climate. There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict
which, if any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes for us. Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that
may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions
disclosed.
12 This scenario aligns with the Paris Agreement goals and requires steep global annual emissions reductions, sustained for decades, to stay within a
1.5°C carbon budget. Refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com/climate for information about the assumptions, outputs and
limitations of our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 4

land. Under any scenario, our industry will be critical to ensuring per cent14 of BHP’s total reported emissions inventory (Scopes 1,
the rise of global living standards. 2 and 3). The most significant contributions to our reported
Scope 3 inventory come from the emissions generated by
We also noted in our Climate Change Report 2020 the steelmaking through the processing of iron ore and metallurgical
importance of producing these resources in a manner that coal.
delivers strong social value outcomes in our communities and
through respectful relationships with local, regional and global In any net zero future, steel will play an essential role. It will be
stakeholders. Our view is driven by the belief that investors, required for the infrastructure to support urban growth, industrial
communities and governments will rightly preference those transformation, and the deployment of electric transport at global
companies that demonstrate economic efficiency, a long-term scale. The challenge for steelmaking is to produce this vital
perspective and a willingness to act collectively to deliver value, commodity to enable sustainable growth, while reducing the
including the achievement of the United Nations Sustainable emissions footprint of the production process itself.
Development Goals. The magnitude of the challenge to
decarbonise and grow should demand nothing less. While Scope 3 emissions occur outside of our direct control, we
seek opportunities to partner with others in the value chain to
However, despite a general alignment among stakeholders as to enable the reduction of these emissions consistent with
the urgency of, and the key changes required for, the transition, aspirations for global net zero. In this Plan, we build on our 2020
we remain concerned that collective action is not yet at a level commitments with an enhanced Scope 3 position that reflects
required to achieve it. Current barriers to society achieving a net the challenges and opportunities for our contribution (refer to the
zero emissions future include the pace of technology BHP’s climate change goals and targets box15 in section 1
development, new infrastructure, consumer behaviour change, ‘Pursuing net zero’).
policy settings and the investment required to fund the transition.
Overall, our aim is to position BHP to thrive in a low carbon world
Action across the value chain by minimising emissions from existing products while providing
All sectors of society and the economy will be impacted by, and the commodities that the world needs to achieve a net zero
must contribute to, the system-wide response to achieve net future. To support this, we are working to align our portfolio and
zero across the global value chain for the goods and services capital allocations and advocating for policy outcomes that
that support global living standards. BHP is no exception. Rapid enhance the global response to climate change.
decarbonisation is more feasible in some sectors versus others,
Transparency and accountability
and offsets will play an important role in balancing the system
response to deliver net zero across the global economy. We The challenge the world faces is clear, but the solutions are
recognise we have an important role to play in supporting complex - and urgent. For the world to meet its goals there must
emissions reductions in our own value chain as part of this be transparency, clarity and a collective willingness to adjust and
system response. improve responses to achieve the most effective pathway to net
zero. Governments must set clear commitments aligned with the
Scope 1 emissions result from sources that are owned or Paris Agreement goals, underpinned by the long-term and
controlled by BHP, for example, emissions from materials equitable policy settings necessary to drive investment. Investors
haulage, heat generation from combustion, etc. While exercising must allocate capital to activities that support decarbonisation
control over the source of these emissions, we are in some and resilience building.
cases reliant on the development and availability of low
emissions equipment in the marketplace. Scope 2 emissions are This Plan aims to show how we have evolved and adapted our
predominantly related to the generation of purchased electricity13 approach, and our determination to contribute our part to global
consumed by our operations, and hence we are in some cases decarbonisation in line with our purpose.
reliant on the development of options external to us, including
We appreciate the engagement and insights of our investors and
renewable energy at scale. Scope 3 includes all other emissions
other stakeholders in the course of developing this Plan, which
outside of BHP’s operated assets, resulting from the activities of
has been prepared with reference to the Climate Action 100+
our suppliers, logistics, customers and investments (such as
Net-Zero Corporate Benchmark criteria, and builds upon and
non-operated joint ventures). Scope 3 emissions represent 96
should be read with the BHP Climate Change Report 2020.
13 Purchased electricity is defined as electricity that is purchased or otherwise brought into the organisational boundary of the reporting company. Scope
2 emissions physically occur at the facility where electricity is generated.
14 Based on FY2021 data.
15 These positions are expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 5

Our actions in FY2021

BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 6

1. Pursuing net zero
In this Plan, we describe our approach to operational and value Figure 1 shows examples of actions and how they fall into this
chain emissions across the material segments in our emissions framework.
inventory. In FY2021, our total reported GHG emissions
In section 2 ‘Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions position and
inventory was 418.7 million tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt
performance’, we describe our FY2021 progress towards our
CO -e). This includes 16 Mt CO -e of reported emissions from
2 2 operational emissions targets and long-term goal and ongoing
our operated assets (Scope 1 and Scope 2), and 402.5 Mt CO -e
2 actions. Section 3 ‘Scope 3 emissions position and
of reported emissions from our value chain (Scope 3).
performance’ sets out our existing Scope 3 goals for 2030, and
outlines our enhanced Scope 3 position.
Our role and the opportunity to act
For a summary of potential strategies to advance a pathway to
Our ability to achieve emissions reductions across our operated net zero, and the role we can play, see Figure 2.
assets and value chain varies depending on our capacity to
affect outcomes. Our actions may be categorised according to We have also summarised our existing goals and targets and our
the following framework: enhanced Scope 3 position in BHP’s climate change goals and
targets box, on the next page.
 Leveraging our control in areas where the decisions we take
can have direct impact on emissions
 Seeking opportunities to partner with suppliers, customers,
and others to drive outcomes
 Using our influence to provide thought leadership to support
decarbonisation
Figure 1: Control, Partner and Influence
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 7

BHP’s climate change goals and targets16
Operational greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 from our operated assets)
Our commitments are:
 A short-term target to maintain operational GHG emissions at or below FY2017 levels17 by FY2022, while we continue to grow our
business
 A medium-term target to reduce operational GHG emissions by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels18 by FY2030
 A long-term goal to achieve net zero19 operational GHG emissions by 2050
Value chain GHG emissions (Scope 3)
For value chain (Scope 3) emissions, we have previously announced our goals for 2030 are to:
 Support industry to develop technologies and pathways capable of 30 per cent emissions intensity reduction in integrated
steelmaking, with widespread adoption expected post 2030
 Support 40 per cent emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of our products
In this Plan, we are building on these medium-term goals. Our position reflects the challenges and opportunities in line with our
strategy for increasing long-term portfolio exposure towards future facing commodities. Our recent proposed portfolio changes20
are aligned with our strategic approach to manage risk and maximise value. While these decisions were not made for the purpose
of setting a future Scope 3 position, upon completion, the changes would lower our total Scope 3 emissions inventory (refer to
‘Energy products’ below in section 3).
As we shape our portfolio for the future, we are announcing our enhanced Scope 3 position.21
While we cannot ensure the outcome alone, for our reshaped portfolio,22 we are pursuing the long-term goal of net zero23 Scope 3
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 to support the transition that the world must make. To progress towards this goal:
 we are targeting net zero for the operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers24 and the emissions from maritime transport of
our products; and
 recognising the particular challenge of a net zero pathway for customers’ processing of our products,25 which is dependent on the
development and downstream deployment of solutions and supportive policy, we cannot set a target, but will continue to partner
with customers and others to accelerate the transition to carbon neutral26 steelmaking and other downstream processes. We will
also support the value chain by pursuing carbon neutral production of our future facing commodities, such as copper, nickel and
potash to provide the essential building blocks of a net zero transition.
We have therefore set these Scope 3 targets:27
 We will target net zero28 by 2050 for the operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers,29 subject to the widespread availability
of carbon neutral30 goods and services to meet our requirements.
 We will target net zero31 by 2050 for GHG emissions from all shipping32 of our products,33 subject to the widespread availability of
carbon neutral34 solutions including low/zero-emission technology on board suitable ships and low/zero-emission marine fuels.
16 These positions are expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.
17 FY2017 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will
be used as required.
18 FY2020 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will
be used as required.
19 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
20 On 17 August 2021, BHP announced it had entered into a merger commitment deed with Woodside to combine their respective oil and gas portfolios
by an all-stock merger. Completion of the merger is subject to confirmatory due diligence, negotiation and execution of full form transaction
documents, and satisfaction of conditions precedent including shareholder, regulatory and other approvals, and expected to occur in the second
quarter of the 2022 calendar year, with an effective date of 1 July 2021. For more information, refer to the Joint Announcement ‘Woodside and BHP to
create a global energy company’ by Woodside and BHP dated 17 August 2021, available at bhp.com/investor-centre. On 28 June 2021, BHP
announced its agreement with Glencore to divest its 33.3 per cent interest in Cerrejón, a non-operated energy coal joint venture in Colombia, with an
effective economic date of 31 December 2020. Completion is subject to the satisfaction of customary competition and regulatory requirements and
expected to occur in the first half of the 2022 calendar year.
21 This position is expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.
22 Subject to completion of both of the divestment of our oil and gas business and the sale of our interest in Cerrejón.
23 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
24 ‘Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers’ means the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s Scope 3
reporting categories of purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel and energy related activities, business travel, and employee
commuting.
25 In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we define ‘processing of our products’ as emissions resulting from our customers’
processing of our products comprising iron ore and metallurgical coal (steelmaking materials) and copper (assumed to be processed into copper wire
for end use).
26 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
27 These targets are referable to a FY2020 baseline year, which will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on emissions at
the time of the transaction, and to reflect progressive refinement of the Scope 3 emissions reporting methodology. The targets’ boundaries may in
some cases differ from required reporting boundaries. Carbon offsets will be used as required.
28 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
29 ‘Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers’ means the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s Scope 3
reporting categories of purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel and energy related activities, business travel, and employee
commuting.
30 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
31 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
32 BHP-chartered and third party-chartered shipping.
33 Target excludes maritime transportation of products purchased by BHP.
34 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 8

Figure 2: Overview of actions towards net zero and the role we play in each
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 9

A suite of actions to drive results voluntary carbon market is critical to reaching the Paris
Agreement goals and estimates that voluntary carbon markets
Recognising the complexity and multi-dimensional nature of the
need to grow by more than 15-fold by 2030 in order to support
challenge to address emissions, we utilise a range of tools and
the investment required to deliver a 1.5°C pathway.
levers as part of our approach.
We expect voluntary and/or regulatory carbon offsets will play a
Investments and capital alignment
role for some of our customers as they seek to reduce their
We are supporting our climate plan with targeted investment in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, contributing to decarbonisation
areas such as operational emissions reduction, product in our value chain. We will continue to seek opportunities to
optimisation, customer, supplier and technology partnerships invest in high-quality offset-generating projects that also deliver
and future low-carbon growth technology options. sustainability co-benefits. We are also considering supplying
offsets to complement our customers’ decarbonisation
 We have established a pipeline of operational
strategies, which may include structured ‘low carbon’ product
decarbonisation projects across all our operated assets, for offerings or a standalone supply of offsets. Refer to ‘BHP’s
which potential capital spend is expected to be in the range of Carbon Offset strategy’ below in section 2 for more
US$100 million to US$200 million per annum over the next information.
five years. This estimate for operational decarbonisation
expenditure has been included in existing capital guidance. Advocacy and transparency
Potential capital spend on operational decarbonisation to
Management is held to account through both our rigorous
FY2030 may be in the range of US$2 billion to US$4 billion35.
process of Board oversight and a direct linkage of climate-related
 In FY2020, we announced a commitment of at least US$400 targets and goals to executive remuneration. We have also
million in emissions reduction initiatives across our operated affirmed our commitment to advocate for efficient public policy
assets (as described above) and value chain over the five- settings in pursuit of global decarbonisation. We aim to continue
year life of the Climate Investment Program. We remain on to demonstrate leadership in responding to evolving approaches
track to exceed this commitment. In FY2021, we spent to climate change and climate-related disclosures.
US$29 million under this program, and committed to spend
significantly more, including up to US$65 million over coming 2. Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions
years towards partnerships with our customers in the steel
position and performance
sector.
 Through BHP Ventures36, we target emerging companies We remain committed to continuing reductions in GHG
with potentially game-changing offerings. We are seeking to emissions in our operations. For our operational GHG emissions
drive innovation in solutions that support BHP, and our (Scope 1 and Scope 2 from our operated assets), we have set: 38
suppliers and customers as we all seek to decarbonise, while
creating value for BHP and our shareholders.  A short-term target to maintain operational GHG emissions at
or below FY2017 levels39 by FY2022, while we continue to
Going forward, as our climate response is further integrated into
grow our business
business-as-usual planning, our spending on climate initiatives
will be increasingly indistinguishable from normal business  A medium-term target to reduce operational GHG emissions
spending as we integrate climate metrics into our operating, by at least 30 per cent from FY2020 levels40 by FY2030
capital and portfolio decision making. We are making capital  A long-term goal to achieve net zero41 operational GHG
decisions that recognise BHP’s prioritisation of commodities that emissions by 2050
are positively leveraged to the emerging global decarbonisation
mega-trend. This reflects our commitment to decarbonising BHP‘s operations
and a recognition that we must play our part to accelerate the
We intend to systematically integrate one or more Paris-aligned global pathway to decarbonisation.
scenarios (including 1.5°C scenarios) into our strategy and
capital prioritisation processes beginning in FY2022. This will Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions profile
enhance our current approach, in which our 1.5°C scenario is
The reported Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions inventory of our
used to inform and test strategic portfolio decisions. For more
operated assets totalled 16.2 Mt CO -e in FY2021, about 2 per
information, see our discussion in section 4 ‘Assessing capital 2
cent higher than our operational emissions in FY2020. The
alignment with a 1.5°C world’.
majority of these emissions resulted from the combined impact of
Offsets electricity use (6.2 Mt, 38 per cent) and diesel use for material
We are furthering our approach to use of carbon offsets and movement (6.4 Mt, 40 per cent); the remainder was associated
supporting the market functionality required to enable their use. with fugitive emissions from coal mining and petroleum (2.2 Mt,
We believe carbon offsets are a necessary contributor to 13.5 per cent), emissions from the use of natural gas for power
meeting the Paris Agreement goals, with offsets included in most and heat generation (1.2 Mt, 7 per cent), and other less material
credible pathways to a global net zero emissions position. BHP sources (0.2 Mt, 1 per cent).42 As a result of actions taken in
is a member of the Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon FY2020 and FY2021, particularly securing the supply of
Markets (TSVCM), a private sector-led initiative sponsored by renewable energy for some of our operated assets, our
the International Institute of Finance. In January 2021, the forecasted operational GHG emissions are currently tracking in
TSVCM released a report37 which states that a large-scale line with our FY2022 and FY2030 targets.
35 Spend estimates remain uncertain and may change as studies continue to progress, technologies mature and new alternatives emerge.
36 Our internal venture capital unit.
37 Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets https://www.iif.com/Portals/1/Files/TSVCM_Report.pdf.
38 These positions are expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.
39 FY2017 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon
offsets will be used as required.
40 FY2020 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on GHG emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon
offsets will be used as required.
41 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
42 For detailed reporting of emissions, refer to the BHP Annual Report 2021 available at bhp.com/annualreport.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 10

FY2021 progress  Working with TransAlta on plans to build two solar farms and
a battery storage system to help power the Mt Keith and
In FY2021, each of our operated assets developed
Leinster operations at Nickel West (announced July 2021)
decarbonisation plans out to FY2030, containing a pipeline of
emissions reduction projects and initiatives that collectively  Securing renewable electricity via a PPA to supply
support our medium-term target and long-term goal for approximately half of the electricity needs across Queensland
operational emissions. We have progressed early-stage projects Coal mines from low-emissions sources
designed to reduce operational emissions at a number of our
operated assets, entered several renewable power purchase This builds on our FY2020 progress at our Chilean copper
agreements (PPAs) and started to tackle the technical challenge operated assets, Escondida and Spence, which put in place
of reducing emissions from the use of diesel for trucks. renewable PPAs commencing from FY2022. We are on track to
use 100 per cent renewable power supply at these assets by the
Operational capital planning mid-2020s.
We assess and rank each decarbonisation project across our
Technology partnerships
operated assets through our Capital Allocation Framework,
where our decarbonisation commitments rank alongside We continue to collaborate with industry peers and original
maintenance capital in the hierarchy of our capital allocation. equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to assess zero emissions
Through our studies and investment governance process, we material movement options and determine how they can be
seek to optimise the risk and reward proposition for these deployed at our operations in the future. In FY2021, we
projects to allocate capital and optimise decarbonisation at a partnered with Rio Tinto and Vale to launch the ‘Charge on
portfolio level. We have developed an internal marginal Innovation Challenge’, a mining truck electrification initiative,
abatement cost curve (Figure 3) designed to support the facilitated by Austmine. The initiative aims to develop innovative
allocation of capital towards the most economically efficient and charging infrastructure in parallel with the development of
effective decarbonisation projects. battery-electric trucks.
We include regional carbon price forecasts in our assessment of We recognise the essential role of OEMs in the development of
all projects in the Capital Allocation Framework. In recognition new products, bringing their expertise and know-how to help
that explicit carbon pricing regimes in many instances do not fully solve for the emissions challenge. Acting alone, we are not in a
reflect the implicit regulatory risk and value of carbon across our position to achieve the necessary emissions reductions. In
value chain, we are developing additional qualitative and August 2021, BHP became a founding member of Komatsu’s
quantitative metrics to better capture the future cost and value of GHG Alliance, which aims to develop commercially viable zeroemissions abatement to inform corporate strategy and core GHG emissions haul trucks. We will provide engineering and
business decisions. technical resources to Komatsu, enabling our real-time access to
technology in development and giving Komatsu the opportunity
Power initiatives to draw on our mining expertise to accelerate its path to market.
We have achieved significant milestones in progressing our plan
In FY2022, we intend to look for further opportunities to
to reduce future emissions associated with the use of electricity.
collaborate with OEMs, source renewable electricity for our
We expect to increasingly see the impact from FY2022 onwards.
Australian operated assets and progress studies for diesel
Examples of actions taken in FY2021 include:
displacement at our operated assets.
 Signing a renewable PPA, which is expected to supply up to For more information on our pathway to net zero operational
50 per cent of our electricity needs at the Nickel West emissions by 2050, see the BHP Climate Change Report 2020
Kwinana Refinery available at bhp.com/climate.
Figure 3: BHP operational emissions marginal abatement cost curve
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 11

3. Scope 3 emissions position and
Carbon offset strategy performance
While we plan to prioritise emissions reductions within our
We recognise the importance of supporting efforts to reduce
operated assets to meet our medium-term target, we expect to
emissions in our value chain as a critical element in the pursuit of
have a requirement for offsets in order to deliver our net zero
global net zero across the economy.
goal, particularly to address ‘hard to abate’ emissions such as
fugitive methane from coal production. By including offsets as an In 2020, we set Scope 3 emissions goals for 2030 for processing
element of our climate change strategy, we can also continue to of our steelmaking products and maritime transportation of our
support a range of projects that offer sustainability co-benefits, products, supported by an action plan and aligned to a long-term
including support for local communities and biodiversity vision to support the economy-wide transition necessary to meet
conservation. the Paris Agreement goals by working with customers and
suppliers to achieve sectoral decarbonisation. Those goals are to:
Our offset strategy focuses on:
 Support industry to develop technologies and pathways
 Directly investing in offset-generating projects that deliver capable of 30 per cent emissions intensity reduction in
sustainability co-benefits and that can provide a long-term integrated steelmaking, with widespread adoption expected
supply of offsets post 2030
 Working with others to support the move toward mature  Support 40 per cent emissions intensity reduction of BHPinternational and sub-national carbon market mechanisms chartered shipping of our products
 Developing a clear approach to both the voluntary and In this Plan, we are building on these medium-term goals. Our
regulatory use of offsets to meet emission reduction position reflects the challenges and opportunities in line with our
commitments, as well as for structured product offerings to strategy for increasing long-term portfolio exposure towards
our customer base future facing commodities. Our recent proposed portfolio
In FY2021, we retired 300,000 carbon offsets in the form of changes44 are aligned with our strategic approach to manage
verified carbon units equivalent to the net increase in our risk and maximise value. While these decisions were not made
FY2021 operational emissions from FY2020 of 0.3Mt CO -e. The for the purpose of setting a future Scope 3 position, upon
offsets were sourced from high quality projects such as the completion, the changes would lower our total Scope 3
Cordillera Azul National Park REDD+ Project and the Kasigau emissions inventory (refer to ‘Energy products’ below).
Corridor REDD Project,43 representing additional, permanent
As we shape our portfolio for the future, we are announcing our
and otherwise unclaimed emission reductions from activities
enhanced Scope 3 position.45
designed to avoid contributing to social or environmental harms.
For more information on our approach to progressive offsetting, While we cannot ensure the outcome alone, for our reshaped
see the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at portfolio46, we are pursuing the long-term goal of net zero47
bhp.com/climate. Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 to support
the transition that the world must make. To progress towards this
goal:
 we are targeting net zero for the operational GHG emissions
of our direct suppliers48 and the emissions from maritime
transport of our products; and
 recognising the particular challenge of a net zero pathway for
customers’ processing of our products,49 which is dependent
on the development and downstream deployment of solutions
and supportive policy, we cannot set a target, but will
continue to partner with customers and others to accelerate
the transition to carbon neutral50 steelmaking and other
downstream processes. We will also support the value chain
by pursuing carbon neutral production of our future facing
commodities, such as copper, nickel, and potash, to provide
the essential building blocks of a net zero transition.
Each target is described with its assumptions and drivers in the
relevant sub-section of this section 3 below.
43 REDD and REDD+ are United Nations programs for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation.
44 On 17 August 2021, BHP announced it had entered into a merger commitment deed with Woodside to combine their respective oil and gas portfolios
by an all-stock merger. Completion of the merger is subject to confirmatory due diligence, negotiation and execution of full form transaction
documents, and satisfaction of conditions precedent including shareholder, regulatory and other approvals, and expected to occur in the second
quarter of the 2022 calendar year, with an effective date of 1 July 2021. For more information, refer to the Joint Announcement ‘Woodside and BHP to
create a global energy company’ by Woodside and BHP dated 17 August 2021, available at bhp.com/investor-centre. On 28 June 2021, BHP
announced its agreement with Glencore to divest its 33.3 per cent interest in Cerrejón, a non-operated energy coal joint venture in Colombia, with an
effective economic date of 31 December 2020. Completion is subject to the satisfaction of customary competition and regulatory requirements and
expected to occur in the first half of the 2022 calendar year.
45 This position is expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.
46 Subject to completion of both of the divestment of our oil and gas business and the sale of our interest in Cerrejón.
47 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
48 ‘Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers’ means the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s Scope 3
reporting categories of purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel and energy related activities, business travel, and employee
commuting.
49 In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we define ‘processing of our products’ as emissions resulting from our customers’
processing of our products comprising iron ore and metallurgical coal (steelmaking materials) and copper (assumed to be processed into copper wire
for end use).
50 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 12

Scope 3 emissions profile Improving the accuracy and transparency
BHP’s total reported Scope 3 emissions inventory in FY2021 is of steelmaking emissions
estimated at 402.5 Mt CO -e. The most significant contributions
to Scope 3 emissions come from the downstream processing of In FY2021, we have addressed some of the key limitations
our products, in particular from the processing of iron ore and associated with estimating Scope 3 emissions in our reported
metallurgical coal in steelmaking. inventory. We have worked to eliminate ‘double counting’ of
emissions from our customers’ processing of iron ore and
Key Scope 3 emissions addressed in this
metallurgical coal in steelmaking, by allocating emissions
transition plan#^
between the two and reporting a single total Scope 3
Million tonnes CO -equivalent
2- estimation for emissions from steelmaking. We now include
FY2021 FY2020 metallurgical coal together with iron ore under the ‘processing
of sold products’ category to form a complete picture of
Procurement* 10.4 10.4
steelmaking emissions. This approach to improving accuracy
Maritime 7.4 7.5 is consistent with the GHG Protocol’s Scope 3 Standard.
Energy products** 76.4 96.8 We have also improved the accuracy of the emission factor
used to estimate Scope 3 emissions by reflecting the blast
Steelmaking, comprising: 300.5 292.9
furnace integrated steelmaking route into which the majority
Iron ore 260.7 252.8 of our steelmaking raw materials portfolio is sold. The
improved estimation also considers our iron ore product
Metallurgical coal 39.8 40.1
quality and its impact on the amount of ore required to
Future facing produce steel. We will adjust the balance of intensity factors
5.0 5.2
commodities as transparency in the industry grows and our product quality
and sales placement evolve.
# Source: BHP Annual Report 2021, available at bhp.com/annualreport
^ Some non-material categories (representing less than 1 per cent of our total reported
Scope 3 emissions inventory) that are not listed in the categories above include investments
and non-maritime upstream and downstream logistics. Energy investments are discussed in
the ‘Energy products’ sub-section below. Energy products
* Procurement includes Scope 3 emissions reporting categories of purchased goods and
services (including capital goods), fuel and energy related activities, business travel, and We are in the process of several portfolio changes that propose
employee commuting.
** In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we define our energy to shape our business reflecting a range of criteria consistent
products as oil, gas and energy coal and we account for metallurgical coal within our with our long-term strategy to maximise shareholder value. Each
customers’ processing of sold products (within steelmaking emissions).
Future facing commodities currently only includes our customers’ processing of copper. decision around portfolio must be made on its merits, and
Other products including nickel and potash are currently not included because of the consider a range of impacts on economic, social and
difficulty in determining their exact end use, current production volumes still being relatively
low or inconsequential, and/or downstream emissions being estimated to be immaterial. environmental outcomes. Divestments also allow for a
reallocation of capital towards other parts of the portfolio. Our
We calculate Scope 3 emissions using methodologies consistent
proposed portfolio changes will further enable us to focus our
with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3)
investment on production of the future facing commodities that
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3 Standard). This
are the essential building blocks of a net zero transition.
identifies five generally accepted principles: relevance,
completeness, consistency, transparency, and accuracy. We Upon completion of these transactions, emissions associated
have made key improvements to our reporting of steelmaking with customers’ use of our energy products will no longer be a
emissions this year, as described in the Improving the significant portion of the overall reported emissions inventory in
accuracy and transparency of steelmaking emissions box our reshaped, future facing portfolio.
on this page. However, a degree of overlap in reporting
In FY2021, customers’ use of our energy products contributed an
boundaries still exists in other parts of Scope 3 emissions due to
estimated total of 76.4 Mt CO -e to the ‘use of sold products’
our involvement at multiple points in the life cycle of commodities 2
category of our reported Scope 3 emissions inventory. This
we produce and consume. As result, some ‘double counting’
consisted of energy coal (38.3 Mt CO -e), natural gas (19.5 Mt
may be inherent due to our position in the value chain and may 2
CO -e), crude oil and condensates (16.8 Mt CO -e) and natural
inflate the total Scope 3 figure reported. 2 2
gas liquids (1.8 Mt CO -e). Metallurgical coal is excluded from
As reporting improves in other parts of our value chain, we will this category and counted in steelmaking emissions under the
seek to improve our own reporting, continuing to focus on customers’ processing of our products category.
accuracy and relevance. For further detail on how we calculate
our emissions inventory see the BHP Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG Oil and gas
Emissions Calculation Methodology, available at On 17 August 2021, we announced our intent to separate our oil
bhp.com/climate. and gas business, including all our Petroleum operated assets
and equity investments in non-operating oil and gas joint
As noted, our Scope 3 targets are referable to a FY2020
ventures, and combine it with Woodside’s oil and gas portfolio by
baseline year and, in some cases, their boundaries differ from
an all-stock merger. The merger is subject to confirmatory due
the required reporting boundaries. We expect the significant
diligence, negotiation and execution of full form transaction
degree of uncertainty that currently affects Scope 3 reporting,
documents, and satisfaction of conditions precedent including
including ‘double counting’ and the inevitable inaccuracy of topshareholder, regulatory and other approvals, and expected to be
level estimates for emissions intensity for different categories, to
completed in the second quarter of the 2022 calendar year with
improve over time as stakeholders work to refine Scope 3
an effective date of 1 July 2021. For more information, refer to
emissions reporting. As the boundaries and methodology of
the Joint Announcement ‘Woodside and BHP to create a global
accounting evolve, we will seek to recalculate the emissions
energy company’ by Woodside and BHP dated 17 August 2021,
baseline for our Scope 3 targets accordingly.
available at bhp.com/investor-centre.
The merged entity is expected to unlock synergies and increase
choice for BHP’s shareholders in the energy transition, while
building on Woodside’s and BHP’s shared values and focus on
sustainable operations, carbon management and ESG
leadership. We believe that the combined business will be more
resilient, agile, and likely to have the necessary cash flow and
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 13

[Table 1 — Page 13]
Improving the accuracy and transparency
----------------------------------------
of steelmaking emissions
In FY2021, we have addressed some of the key limitations
associated with estimating Scope 3 emissions in our reported
inventory. We have worked to eliminate ‘double counting’ of
emissions from our customers’ processing of iron ore and
metallurgical coal in steelmaking, by allocating emissions
between the two and reporting a single total Scope 3
estimation for emissions from steelmaking. We now include
metallurgical coal together with iron ore under the ‘processing
of sold products’ category to form a complete picture of
steelmaking emissions. This approach to improving accuracy
is consistent with the GHG Protocol’s Scope 3 Standard.
We have also improved the accuracy of the emission factor
used to estimate Scope 3 emissions by reflecting the blast
furnace integrated steelmaking route into which the majority
of our steelmaking raw materials portfolio is sold. The
improved estimation also considers our iron ore product
quality and its impact on the amount of ore required to
produce steel. We will adjust the balance of intensity factors
as transparency in the industry grows and our product quality
and sales placement evolve.

balance sheet to facilitate investment in emerging opportunities currently rely on the ‘spend-based’ method which covers ‘cradlesuch as hydrogen, ammonia and carbon capture, utilisation and to-gate’52 emissions as the reporting boundary. However, the
storage (CCUS). The combined business should be better accounting of the above categories remains highly uncertain and
placed to fund investments that support the energy transition category-level default factors based on spend do not accurately
than two smaller, separate sets of assets. reflect the real intensity of goods and services procured. Our
reported emissions inventory boundary based on this method will
In FY2021, the Petroleum business (our Petroleum operated
also differ from how we will track progress towards our Scope 3
assets and equity investments in non-operating oil and gas joint
target for procurement, which is focused on our ability to
ventures) accounted for 38.1Mt CO -e of our reported Scope 3
2 influence the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct
emissions inventory in the ‘use of sold products’ category, and
suppliers.
2.3Mt CO -e in the downstream investments (i.e. our non2
operated assets) category.
We will target net zero53 by 2050 for the operational
Energy coal GHG emissions of our direct suppliers,54 subject to
In August 2020, we announced plans to divest our interests in the widespread availability of carbon neutral55 goods
assets, including Cerrejón, a non-operated energy coal joint and services to meet our requirements.
venture in Colombia, and New South Wales Energy Coal
(NSWEC), to focus our coal portfolio on higher-quality In order to take targeted measures to support reduction and
metallurgical coals used in steelmaking. management of emissions from the highest emitting supplier
categories, we will take further steps to improve the recording of
In June 2021, we announced the signing of an agreement to
the carbon footprint of our supplier value chain. In FY2022, we
divest our 33.3 per cent interest in Cerrejón, with an effective
will review our procurement-related emissions methodology,
economic date of 31 December 2020. Subject to the satisfaction
seeking to incorporate accounting and intensity factors more
of customary competition and regulatory requirements, this is
tailored to a BHP-specific, rather than industry-wide, position.
expected to complete in the second half of FY2022. In FY2021,
Cerrejón51 accounted for 3.4 Mt CO -e of our reported Scope 3 We have started to engage with our major strategic suppliers to
2 understand their emissions, climate roadmap, targets and risks.
emissions inventory in the ‘use of sold products’ category, and
In the short term, we plan to actively monitor and track our key
0.05 Mt CO -e in the downstream investments (i.e. our non2 suppliers’ public commitments to decarbonisation. In coming
operated assets) category.
years, we will systemise the integration of our climate target into
The process for NSWEC is progressing, in line with the two-year our supplier selection criteria, onboarding of new suppliers,
timeframe we set last year. We remain open to all options and existing contract management practices and contract renewals.
continue consultation with relevant stakeholders. In FY2021,
Progressive improvement in the emissions intensity of inbound
NSWEC accounted for 34.9 Mt CO -e of our reported Scope 3
2 goods and services is expected, in line with country-level targets
emissions inventory in the ‘use of sold products’ category.
and corporate commitments. We will seek to partner in the
development and commercialisation of carbon neutral goods and
Procurement services targeting the needs of our business. We acknowledge
BHP’s reported Scope 3 emissions inventory for procurement- the challenges that some of our suppliers may face in reducing
related categories (purchased goods and services [including hard-to-abate emissions, and we plan to work with them through
capital goods], fuel and energy related activities, business travel, knowledge sharing and research and development initiatives to
and employee commuting) totalled 10.4 Mt CO -e in FY2021. support the pursuit of solutions.
Reported emissions in these categories include emissions from
production of equipment used in our operations; construction
materials used in our capital projects; professional services; and
the upstream emissions related to the production of fuels used in
our operations.
 For purchased goods and services, our current calculation
methodology is the ‘spend-based’ method, assigning
industry average emission factors to the economic value of
the goods and services.
 For fuel and energy related activities, industry-average
Scope 3 emission factors for each fuel source and electricity
are applied to the relevant consumption volumes from our
operations to calculate an overall emissions estimate.
 Business travel is calculated based on distance, sourced
from our corporate travel services providers and other
internal spend data. Employee commuting is primarily
related to business flights and Fly-in Fly-out (FIFO) charters
and is also calculated based on spend.
Aligned with the GHG Protocol reporting standards, the majority
of our emissions estimations for procurement categories
51 Emissions for 2H2020 only; 1H2021 are not accounted or in FY2021 reporting as a result of the effective economic date for sale of BHP’s interest in
Cerrejón.
52 Cradle-to-gate includes all emissions that occur in the lifecycle of purchased products, up to the point of receipt by the reporting company (excluding
emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the reporting company).
53 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
54 ‘Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers’ means the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included in BHP’s Scope 3
reporting categories of purchased goods and services (including capital goods), fuel and energy related activities, business travel, and employee
commuting.
55 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 14

[Table 1 — Page 14]
In August 2020, we announced plans to divest our interests in | |
----------------------------------------
assets, including | Cerrejón | , a non-operated energy coal joint
venture in Colombia, and New South Wales Energy Coal | |
(NSWEC), | |

[Table 2 — Page 14]
In June 2021, we announced the signing of an agreement to |
----------------------------------------
divest our 33.3 per cent interest in | , with an effective
economic date of 31 December 2020. |

Maritime While we continue to support our shipping partners in achieving
the IMO’s GHG strategy ambitions, including their 2030
Maritime transport of our products contributed 7.4 Mt CO -e to
2 emissions intensity targets, we believe that the IMO must set
our reported Scope 3 emissions inventory in FY2021. BHP is
more ambitious longer-term goals for international shipping and
one of the largest dry bulk charterers in the world and maritime
we will use our position to advocate for these.
transport of our products makes up approximately 1 per cent of
the international shipping emissions from the maritime industry. The use of offsets will be influenced by factors including remnant
As a result, we recognise our role in supporting the maritime lifecycle emissions associated with the production, processing
industry in meeting or exceeding the decarbonisation ambitions and transport of marine fuels, any remaining third partyplanned by the International Maritime Organisation (IMO), while chartered vessel emissions and the effectiveness of on board
plotting a trajectory towards net zero shipping of our products by carbon capture and offshore storage. We will monitor the relative
2050. emissions intensity of future low-emission technology and fuel,
and use our position and actions to influence our value chain
We will target net zero56 by 2050 for GHG emissions towards lower emissions-intensity options to minimise our use of
from all shipping57 of our products,58 subject to the offsets in meeting the target.
widespread availability of carbon neutral59 solutions In FY2022, we intend to begin to integrate the use of LNGincluding low/zero-emission technology on board fuelled bulk carriers into our maritime operations, while also
suitable ships and low/zero-emission marine fuels. assessing the suitability of other routes for LNG or bio-fuelled
bulk carriers. We will also explore additional ecosystem
partnerships focused on wind-assisted propulsion and renewably
Actions we are planning include investing in the Global Centre
for Maritime Decarbonisation, to be established in Singapore. We
produced future fuels. We expect that, in the long term, new
fuels such as renewably produced diesel or LNG, or green/blue
are seeking further opportunities to collaborate with ship owners
ammonia or methanol-fuelled dry bulk vessels, will be required to
and fuel suppliers on projects to test and adopt low/zerofully decarbonise the industry.
emission fuels and energy-efficient technology on board ships.
We commit to chartering and fuelling low/zero-emission vessels In addition to our existing use of RightShip’s GHG rating vetting
in line with the rate they become available on the market. criteria, we are working to develop a sustainability analytics
platform to analyse the operational energy efficiency and
In the medium term, we will continue supporting 40 per cent
emissions of BHP-chartered vessels. This will provide
emissions intensity reduction of BHP-chartered shipping of our
intelligence to enable more energy-efficient vessel selection, as
products (our goal for 2030).
well as more targeted emissions reduction insights and actions
that can be pursued with our shipping partners.
Our FY2021 progress in maritime
Steelmaking
BHP issued and awarded a world-first tender for loweremissions LNG-fuelled bulk carrier vessels for iron ore Steel is the backbone of the modern built environment and has
transportation to Eastern Pacific Shipping and the LNG supply an important role in decarbonisation. Our 1.5°C scenario62
agreement to Shell. This will significantly reduce GHG modelling suggests the world is expected to need almost twice
emissions per voyage and virtually eliminate nitrogen oxides as much steel in the next 30 years as it did in the last 30. As
(NOx) and sulfur oxides (SOx)60 emissions. climate action and the energy transition unfold, we expect steel
to remain the key building block of global infrastructure,
We signed a Memorandum of Cooperation to become one of
underpinning the energy and economic transition as well as
the founding members of the Global Centre for Maritime
broader development goals.
Decarbonisation. The Centre will be set up in Singapore and
act as a focal point for the global maritime industry’s efforts in Emissions from steelmaking represent around 7-10 per cent of
decarbonisation and innovation. We have initially pledged global total estimated emissions,63 meaning tackling the
S$10M to support the establishment of the Centre and fund challenge of decarbonising the sector is crucial to meeting global
research and development projects through the Centre. ambitions. The continued production of steel is necessary to
BHP participated in the first marine biofuel trial involving an support future economic growth and to enable system-wide
ocean-going vessel bunkering in Singapore in collaboration decarbonisation, even while it remains one of the most difficult
with Oldendorff and GoodFuels, and supported by the sectors to abate.
Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore. This trial sought to
The Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change (IIGCC), in
reduce GHG emissions by 80-90 per cent ‘well-to-wake’
partnership with Climate Action 100+ (CA100+), recently
compared with Heavy Fuel Oil/Very Low Sulphur Fuel Oil,
published a report64 highlighting how difficult it will be to
with fuel produced from sustainable waste and residue
transition the global steel value chain to net zero by 2050. In
streams. We recommitted to GHG rating vetting criteria of
their modelling of even the most ambitious trajectory for
RightShip61, choosing only to allow vessels into our supply
innovation, investment and adoption of decarbonisation
chain that have a better relative design efficiency compared to
measures, the steel industry is considered unlikely to reach net
peer vessels.
zero.
56 Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
57 BHP-chartered and third party-chartered shipping.
58 Target excludes maritime transportation of products purchased by BHP.
59 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
60 SOx are not GHGs and not all NOx are GHGs. However, nitrous oxide is a GHG and is commonly included under the banner of NOx.
61 RightShip is a leading maritime risk management and environmental assessment organisation that aims to improve the safety and environmental
sustainability of the maritime industry. The company is equally owned by BHP, Rio Tinto and Cargill. More information is available at rightship.com.
62 This scenario aligns with the Paris Agreement goals and requires steep global annual emissions reductions, sustained for decades, to stay within a
1.5°C carbon budget. Refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com/climate for information about the assumptions, outputs and
limitations of our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario.
63 https://www.iea.org/reports/iron-and-steel-technology-roadmap
64 https://www.iigcc.org/resources
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 15

[Table 1 — Page 15]
Our FY2021 progress in maritime
----------------------------------------
BHP issued and awarded a world-first tender for loweremissions LNG-fuelled bulk carrier vessels for iron ore
transportation to Eastern Pacific Shipping and the LNG supply
agreement to Shell. This will significantly reduce GHG
emissions per voyage and virtually eliminate nitrogen oxides
(NOx) and sulfur oxides (SOx)60 emissions.
We signed a Memorandum of Cooperation to become one of
the founding members of the Global Centre for Maritime
Decarbonisation. The Centre will be set up in Singapore and
act as a focal point for the global maritime industry’s efforts in
decarbonisation and innovation. We have initially pledged
S$10M to support the establishment of the Centre and fund
research and development projects through the Centre.
BHP participated in the first marine biofuel trial involving an
ocean-going vessel bunkering in Singapore in collaboration
with Oldendorff and GoodFuels, and supported by the
Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore. This trial sought to
reduce GHG emissions by 80-90 per cent ‘well-to-wake’
compared with Heavy Fuel Oil/Very Low Sulphur Fuel Oil,
with fuel produced from sustainable waste and residue
streams. We recommitted to GHG rating vetting criteria of
RightShip61, choosing only to allow vessels into our supply
chain that have a better relative design efficiency compared to
peer vessels.

For BHP, emissions from the processing of iron ore and deployment of technologies and energy sources for steel
metallurgical coal within customers’ steelmaking operations decarbonisation must be supported by regulators and investors
totalled 300.5 Mt CO -e in FY2021, representing 75 per cent of and shared appropriately across the value chain. These costs
our total reported Scope 3 emissions inventory. will need to be captured in price signals further downstream to
the end consumer in order to incentivise the development of
BHP’s iron ore and metallurgical coal is processed almost
solutions. Through wide-scale deployment and adoption, these
exclusively within the blast furnace-basic oxygen furnace (BFcosts can be brought down over time through efficiencies of
BOF) steelmaking process, which today represents 72 per cent
scale and innovation.
of steel production.65 The BF-BOF is favoured because of its
efficiency and operational flexibility, enabling the use of a For more on BHP’s views on the key technologies needed to
broad range of iron ore qualities. However, the BF-BOF decarbonise steel, refer to our “Pathways to decarbonisation”
process is roughly five times more emissions intensive than series available at bhp.com/media-and-insights/prospects/
scrap-based electric arc furnace (EAF) and two times more
emissions intensive than natural gas-based direct reduced  Pathways to decarbonisation episode one: power
iron-EAF (DRI-EAF).  Pathways to decarbonisation episode two: steelmaking
technologies
The blast furnace (BF) relies on coke (produced from
metallurgical coal) to remove oxygen and other impurities from  Pathways to decarbonisation episode three: regional
iron ore to yield metallic iron. While low carbon fuels such as approaches to steel
hydrogen can supplement energy requirements, only coke can
 Pathways to decarbonisation episode four: hydrogen
provide the structural support required for efficient BF operation.
Utilising our deep understanding of the steelmaking process, we Steelmaking: inherent uncertainties to net zero
have developed a Steel Decarbonisation Framework to examine There are a number of global uncertainties that must be
the stages that the industry must pass through on its reckoned with in terms of achieving net zero in steel. These are
decarbonisation journey, and associated technologies (Figure 4). principally in the areas of technology development (including
The framework envisions an ultimate, assumed ‘green’ end-state cost). Beyond this, there are a range of regional factors that are
in which carbon neutral steel can be produced due to the equally influential (and in some cases maybe more so) in
adoption of incremental and transformative technologies such as determining likely future pathways. Key factors include:
hydrogen-based direct reduced iron (DRI) or electrolysis. This
would require access to affordable renewable electricity,  Availability of lower carbon raw material feedstock (including
widespread commercial-scale low or zero carbon alternative but not exclusively scrap)
fuels (like hydrogen and biofuels) and supporting infrastructure.
 Age of existing facilities
In the transition to this ‘green’ end state, additional abatement
measures such as BF optimisation technologies (including use of  Variable levels of policy support (either subsidies for
low carbon fuels and/or top gas recycling) and CCUS would also technology or carbon pricing to incentivise abatement)
be necessary.  Exposure to international trade in steel and steel products
Capital cost estimates for decarbonisation of the global steel  Future growth in demand for affordable steel
sector vary widely, dependent upon technology pathways and
assumptions regarding the inclusion of associated renewable
energy infrastructure, but typically exist in the range of US$1
trillion and US$3 trillion (cumulative).66 As argued by the IIGCC
and other industry stakeholders, the costs of development and
Figure 4: BHP’s steel decarbonisation framework
65 https://www.iea.org/reports/iron-and-steel-technology-roadmap
66 See, for example, the Global Financial Markets Association, Climate Finance Markets and the Real Economy
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 16

Different regions will progress decarbonisation at different paces higher penetration of alternative steelmaking processes.
because of the factors outlined above. Today’s policies and However, potential reduction in demand could be offset by
signposts indicate that most regions will only achieve a green expected increase in premiums for higher quality coal, which
end-state after 2050, as illustrated by the steel outcomes in our BHP would be well placed to capture. It is important to
Central Energy and Lower Carbon scenarios (Figure 5)67. emphasise that we consider the likelihood of the Deep Green
hypothetical to be much lower than our Central and Lower
Even assuming a step-change and global convergence in Carbon scenarios.
regulatory and technological factors over the next decade, our
modelling indicates that it is still difficult to achieve net zero We do note that the commitment to enable swifter
sector emissions for key steel producing regions. To explore the decarbonisation pathways in the steel sector is gathering
bottom-up limits of steel decarbonisation on a regional basis, we momentum. Today, 34 per cent of BHP’s current iron sales are
have developed a “Deep Green” hypothetical for the steel sector. to customers that have net zero targets in place. These
commitments are underpinned by net zero commitments in the
Deep Green seeks to simulate the specific impact on the steel major Asian steelmaking nations of China (2060), Japan (2050)
sector of a much more rapid global convergence towards and South Korea (2050). However, although ambitions are
decarbonisation, universal access to zero emissions electricity growing, a pathway to net zero for steel is still highly uncertain.
and a US$200 per tonne global carbon price. It is not like the Despite the supportive regulatory landscape, emitters may still
whole-system modelling with global temperature outcomes like be constrained by bottlenecks in scrap availability and the ramp
our Central Energy or Lower Carbon scenarios. Deep Green is up of low emissions steelmaking capacity. Notably, some
also entirely separate to BHP’s 1.5°C scenario (which is a global steelmakers expect to utilise offsets and carbon abatement
top-down technical model more similar in approach to the solutions (including CCUS), in addition to new production
Central Energy and Lower Carbon scenarios) In this Deep Green technologies, to achieve their long-term goals.
hypothetical, global steel emissions fall by around two-thirds
Finally, steel producers have available various decarbonisation
from current levels, bringing absolute volumes well below the
levers (such as scrap usage), which do not always result in
1990 base level. That is significant, but is not net zero. Even in
reduced emissions from customers’ processing of our products.
Europe, which has positive exposure to the factors outlined
Net zero for some of our steel producers may not result in
above, net zero is not achieved. Under the Deep Green
equivalent reduction of BHP’s value chain emissions.
hypothetical, primary iron demand could be modestly affected
due to higher scrap use. Metallurgical coal demand volumes may
be lower than projected in our climate change scenarios due to
Figure 5: Steel emissions for key regions under different assumptions
67 The Central Energy View and Lower Carbon View scenarios are described in the footnotes to section 4 below, and in more detail in the BHP Climate
Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com/climate. There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the
scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes for us. Scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or
prove to be, correct and may or may not eventuate, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 17

Steelmaking: BHP’s action plan Future facing commodities
Recognising the particular challenge of a net zero Future facing commodities are those that BHP deem to be
pathway for customers’ processing of our products68, positively leveraged to the mega-trends, including
decarbonisation, that are playing out in the world around us, as
which is dependent on the development and downstream
indicated by our scenario analysis including our 1.5°C scenario.
deployment of solutions and supportive policy, we will
In general, the demand for future facing commodities increases
continue to partner with customers and others to
as the scale of decarbonisation encapsulated in each scenario
accelerate the transition to carbon neutral69 steelmaking. increases. The modelled demand increases are of sufficient
scale that they may be expected to have a material impact on
In the medium term, we will continue supporting industry to
long-term market balance. Currently, the major commodities in
develop technologies and pathways capable of 30 per cent
the BHP portfolio that fall within this criteria are copper, nickel,
emissions intensity reduction in integrated steelmaking, with
and potash.
widespread adoption expected post 2030 (our goal for 2030).
Buyers of future facing commodities are increasingly demanding
As the IIGCC noted in their report, the decarbonisation of the
improved supply chain sustainability and traceability. The legal
steel industry is inherently a value chain effort that will require
landscape, governmental policies and corporate goals continue
contributions from policy makers, investors, steel producers,
to push the industry towards more sustainable practices and set
suppliers and customers. We have a number of partnerships and
new performance criteria for decarbonisation. Key nickel and
internal initiatives underway to test and implement low-carbon
copper customers such as automakers and battery
steelmaking technologies and raw materials.
manufacturers have indicated they are firstly focusing on
 In FY2021, we announced memoranda of understanding for removing emissions from their own operations and then from the
partnerships with China Baowu, JFE and HBIS to invest up to entire value chain.
a total of US$65 million in research and development of steel
We will support industry to develop technologies for
decarbonisation pathways. We also established a research
improved traceability and support the value chain by
program with University of Newcastle in Australia to study
pursuing carbon neutral70 production of our future facing
raw material properties in low carbon iron and steel making.
commodities, such as copper, nickel and potash, to
 Additionally, BHP Ventures is strategically investing in a
provide the essential building blocks of a net zero
range of emerging companies, including some focused on
transition.
low- or no-carbon steelmaking. Our portfolio includes various
investments in electrochemical technologies that are In FY2021, emissions related to our customers’ processing of
particularly amenable to processing our Pilbara iron ores, copper was 5 Mt CO -e, representing only one per cent of our
potentially providing BHP and our customers with added total reported Scope 3 emissions inventory. Our customers’
optionality to complement other more readily available processing or application of other products and/or by-products,
technologies, such as hydrogen-based DRI. including nickel and potash, are currently not included because
 We are currently assessing the opportunity to implement of the difficulty in determining their exact end use, current
beneficiation at our Jimblebar operation. By improving our production volumes still being relatively low or inconsequential,
product quality, we can support emissions reduction in the and/or downstream emissions being estimated to be immaterial.
short- to medium-term within the integrated BF-BOF
For nickel, we have estimated the downstream emissions
steelmaking process. Longer-term, advancements in
associated with the use of our product. The majority of our nickel
beneficiation and or EAF technology may see a greater
is sold to the battery industry and we have consulted with that
proportion of BHP’s ores used in DRI-EAF steelmaking.
industry to assess value chain emissions. While the emissions
We will continue to seek opportunities to form partnerships with associated with nickel production (accounted for in BHP's Scope
our customers and others in the industry to advance the 1 and Scope 2 emissions) are a material part of total emissions
development of key technologies and products. In FY2022, we in the battery value chain, the emissions downstream from our
intend to progress research and development and develop plans nickel production are not material to our total reported Scope 3
for operational testing and trials under the three steelmaking emissions inventory. As emissions reporting standards in the
partnerships described above. In the long-term, we expect battery sector improve, we will aim to include nickel downstream
significant advancements in CCUS for the blast furnace and Scope 3 emissions within our reporting.
green hydrogen DRI-EAF will also be needed.
For potash, we announced on 17 August 2021 the approval of
US$5.7 billion (C$7.5 billion) in capital expenditure for the
Jansen Stage 1 potash project in the province of Saskatchewan,
Canada. Jansen is designed with a focus on sustainability,
including embedding a low carbon footprint and low water
intensity in the design.71 First ore is not targeted until the 2027
calendar year, so downstream emissions are currently
immaterial, however we project that the potential emissions
associated with our customers’ processing and application of
potash may be lower relative to that of other fertilisers.72
68 In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we define ‘processing of our products’ as emissions resulting from our customers’
processing of our products comprising iron ore and metallurgical coal (steelmaking materials) and copper (assumed to be processed into copper wire
for end use).
69 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
70 Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as defined for BHP reporting purposes.
71 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of ~60kg CO2-e/t. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for flotation-based MOP 50-80 kg CO2-e/t, other production routes
are 100-500kg. High nutrient concentration (60 per cent K2O) maximises efficiency in transportation and spreading.
72 From BHP research conducted so far, nitrogen-based fertilisers appear to have a larger downstream emissions impact than potash-based fertilisers.
However, trying to estimate the GHG contribution impact of fertiliser on soils and crops is very complicated. We continue to develop and improve our
knowledge in this area. Scope 3 impact relates only to emissions associated with downstream processing and application, not other considerations
such as transportation.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 18

4. Assessing capital alignment with a trends pose to the resilience of our portfolio and investment
decisions, and identify how well placed we are to act on
1.5°C world73
opportunities they may present.
We recognise the importance of demonstrating how our capital Evolving our approach in FY2022
allocation aligns with our strategy and action on climate change.
Global action to decarbonise under a 1.5°C trajectory would
Our stakeholders want to understand the potential impacts on
represent a significant shift in the global economy. Such a
our business if the world takes the actions necessary to limit
transition would be complex, multi-faceted and could reasonably
global temperature increase to 1.5°C, and how we consider
be expected to manifest in unique ways across different regions,
these potential impacts in our strategic decision making and
reflecting heterogeneous local conditions. We intend to
allocation of growth capital.
systematically integrate one or more Paris-aligned scenarios
(including 1.5°C scenarios) into our strategy and capital
Stakeholders have also communicated that they want to be able
prioritisation processes beginning in FY2022. This will enhance
to assess whether we are allocating sufficient capital to meet our
our current approach, in which our 1.5°C scenario is used to
targets to reduce operational emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2).
inform and test strategic portfolio decisions.
See Section 2 above for how we are investing in operational
decarbonisation through asset-level planning and our Capital
Green revenue
Allocation Framework. The Basis of Preparation (BoP) of BHP’s
FY2021 financial statements describes how operational Green revenue is intended as a measure of the extent to which
emissions reduction projects are considered in our key products and services contribute to the transition to a green
accounting judgements and estimates. The BoP also describes economy76. While these contributions will be measured on a
the two scenarios (Central Energy View74 and Lower Carbon range of important indicators (including water conservation,
View75) currently being used as inputs to our operational biodiversity or reforestation), much of the discussion about green
planning cases, based on our current estimates of the most likely revenue is focused around the contribution to the transition to
range of futures for the global economy and associated sub- renewable energy that is vital for climate change mitigation.
systems. These operational planning ranges are periodically
There is no settled methodology for classifying green revenue in
reviewed to reflect new information. They impact certain of the
the resources sector. In response to increased investor interest
significant judgements and key estimates that Management is
in the concept, in FY2021 we reviewed potential approaches to
required to make in the preparation of BHP’s Financial
classification and measurement of green revenue, starting with
Statements, including the determination of the valuation of
consideration of how our products contribute to addressing the
assets and potential impairment charges, the estimation of the
challenge of climate change.
remaining useful economic life of assets for depreciation
purposes, the timing of closure and rehabilitation activities and We expect many of our commodities to be important to the
the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets. For more energy transition. For example, the International Energy
information, refer to the BHP Annual Report 2021 available at Agency’s ‘The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy
bhp.com/annualreport. Transitions’ report77 highlights the critical role of copper and
nickel. Our 1.5°C scenario78 indicates demand growth for
Our capital alignment approach copper, nickel and potash could be even more compelling as the
We consider a range of different global, sectoral and regional world takes action to decarbonise. Iron ore also fares slightly
scenarios in forming our strategy and in operational and better under our 1.5°C scenario versus our other scenarios, as
commercial decision making. steel requirements of the energy transition are expected to be
considerable.
Our decisions on portfolio composition and capital allocation are
The most commonly used measure for green revenue is based
based on assessment of plausible future pathways and then
on end use of products. However, this measure is not
tested against a range of scenarios. For example, in 2020 we
straightforward, for two reasons.
updated our portfolio analysis to include our 1.5°C scenario to
better identify signposts for climate-related risks and
 Identifying the end use of some commodities is challenging.
opportunities, and understand how our scenario’s trajectory
Copper and iron ore, in particular, undergo multiple stages of
towards a 1.5°C world might impact our strategy and portfolio
processing and have a diverse range of end uses.
resilience (refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020
 The way in which commodities are produced is not captured
available at bhp.com/climate for more information).
by end use measures. However, production methods for the
Applying a wide range of scenarios is intended to enable us to resource sector can in themselves be an important
examine divergent pathways to identify the biggest and most contributor to achieving a green economy. For example, our
durable trends, determine the balance of risks that these external Chilean copper operated asset at Escondida is on track to
73 The Paris Agreement’s central aim is to strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change by keeping a global temperature rise this
century well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5°C. There are a range of
GHG emissions trajectories to 2100 that could limit global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. We refer to a ‘1.5°C world’ as the 2050 point
on these trajectories.
74 Central Energy View reflects, and is periodically updated to respond to, existing policy trends and commitments and currently tracks to approximately
3°C temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by 2100. Refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com/climate for more
information.
75 Lower Carbon View currently tracks to approximately 2.5°C temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by 2100, and accelerates
decarbonisation trends and policies, particularly in easier-to-abate sectors such as power generation and light duty vehicles. Refer to the BHP Climate
Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com/climate for more information.
76 A green economy is defined by the UN Environment Programme as low carbon, resource efficient and socially inclusive. In a green economy, growth
in employment and income are driven by public and private investment into such economic activities, infrastructure and assets that allow reduced
carbon emissions and pollution, enhanced energy and resource efficiency, and prevention of the loss of biodiversity and ecosystem services. Refer to
Green Economy at unep.org for more information.
77 The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy Transitions, World Energy Outlook Special Report, May 2021.
78 This scenario aligns with the Paris Agreement goals and requires steep global annual emissions reductions, sustained for decades, to stay within a
1.5°C carbon budget. Refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 available at bhp.com/climate for information about the assumptions, outputs and
limitations of our 1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 19

have 100 per cent renewable electricity supply by the mid- part of the local community for the long term, which is why social
2020s, and source desalinated water for operational value is an important part of the way we do business.
purposes, minimising water extraction from sensitive Andean
As a global leader in the development of natural resources, we
aquifers.
have an opportunity to demonstrate a planned and purposeful
approach to closure and rehabilitation through the life cycle of
End use may therefore not be the sole appropriate measure of our operated assets. Our process considers risks and
products’ contribution to the energy transition, and other opportunities, for the communities and environment where we
measures (such as how they are produced) may also be useful, operate, as well as shareholder value. Where value cannot be
and even be more appropriate in some circumstances. generated from divestment, the best option to balance financial,
workforce and community considerations may be to retain an
In FY2021, we have applied an approach to green revenue
asset and transition it towards closure, while setting a leading
based on end use, using nickel and uranium by way of
example for both rehabilitation and partnership with employees,
illustration. At this stage, these are the most straightforward of
local community and governments.
our commodities for which to determine contribution to the
energy transition from their end use. In FY2022, we intend to It drives toward optimised closure outcomes for our sites by
continue to consult with investors, industry and standard setters balancing our values, obligations, safety, costs and the
to explore ways of establishing clear methodologies for expectations of external stakeholders to enable an outcome that
classification and measurement of green revenue. We also plan involves one or a combination of an alternative land-use,
to work with our customers, suppliers and others in our value ongoing management, relinquishment or divestment. We
chain to improve the traceability of our products and the maintain a provision for closure and rehabilitation, which
emissions produced by their use. currently stands, as disclosed in the BHP Annual Report 2021, at
US$11.9 billion.
Battery manufacture contributes to climate change mitigation79.
Therefore, for illustrative purposes,80 we have measured the Each of our operations (whether they are projects, producing
revenue from our sales to battery materials suppliers as green assets, in care and maintenance or a closed site) must have a
revenue. Seventy two per cent of BHP’s battery-suitable nickel Closure Management Plan, documenting the implementation of
metal81 was sold to global battery material suppliers in FY202182. the closure management process. This process includes
For FY2021, our green revenue from battery-suitable nickel collating relevant knowledge and data, undertaking a risk and
metal amounted to US$760 million83. opportunity assessment, framing closure options, comparing
alternative options, and selecting the optimised closure
Australian uranium is sold for nuclear power generation only, a outcomes, underpinned by ongoing stakeholder engagement
low emissions source of electricity, and therefore, also for and communication. Closure Management Plans are required to
illustrative purposes, we have measured all revenue from be supported by stakeholder engagement plans for the lifecycle
uranium as green revenue. For FY2021, our green revenue from of the site, and should balance business and stakeholder needs
uranium amounted to US$249 million. while meeting the following objectives:
5. Just transition  Meet all legal requirements and obligations, and recognised
industry practice
The Paris Agreement recognises the need to reduce emissions
 Manage pre- and post-closure risks and opportunities
but also to take “into account the imperatives of a just transition
 Manage and optimise costs
of the workforce and the creation of decent work and quality jobs
in accordance with nationally defined development priorities”.84  Achieve safe and stable outcomes and meet approved
environment outcomes
The process of structural adjustment as economies and
 Progressively reduce obligations
consumer priorities evolve is not new. However the energy
transition implies an adjustment process on a global scale that
At some of our operations, the transition to new skill sets is
will likely extend for decades as the world pursues
already underway through the changing use of technology. For
decarbonisation of power generation and industrial processes.
example, the implementation of autonomous haulage at sites
And the energy transition is only one aspect of the way in which
such as Western Australia Iron Ore’s Jimblebar mine has
economies are anticipated to evolve in the decades to come.
provided opportunities for our workforce to gain new skills. While
Such transitions must balance the needs of communities, nations the introduction of this technology removes the need for an
and investors and protect our environment for the long term. operator in the haul truck, new roles are being created in the
Both financial and social value considerations are relevant - and operations as a result. Roles such as field officers, service
inherently linked. technicians and mine controllers are an essential part of an
autonomous operation and we are working with our people to
Social value is the positive contribution we make to the
provide opportunities to transition into these new roles. Our
environment and society. It goes hand in hand with financial
people and the communities in which we operate are central to
value in our decision-making, and we believe this approach is in
this change.
the long-term best interests of shareholders. The longevity of our
assets means that it is important for us to think and plan in We also recognise that reducing employee numbers at certain
decades. When we invest in a region, we become an intrinsic operations can impact the viability of local communities, so it is
important to consider not just which roles transition, but where
they are located. As an example of where we have considered
79 For example, the draft EU taxonomy recognises battery manufacture as a significant contributor to climate change mitigation. The EU Taxonomy is a
classification system, establishing a list of environmentally sustainable economic activities. Note the EU taxonomy does not presently cover the
mining sector. https://ec.europa.eu/finance/docs/level-2-measures/taxonomy-regulation-delegated-act-2021-2800-annex-1_en.pdf
80 Recognising that a settled methodology for classifying green revenue in the resources sector has yet to be determined.
81 Battery suitable nickel metal is defined as nickel briquettes and nickel powder. It does not include off-spec nickel metal.
82 Based on percentage battery-suitable nickel metal sales to battery material suppliers. Where customer’s planned end-use is not known with certainty
to be for battery supply, assumptions of usage have been made using historical nickel metal usage for those customers.
83 Calculated based on gross revenue from battery-suitable nickel metal multiplied by percentage of BHP’s sales of nickel metal to battery material
suppliers.
84 Paris Agreement preamble, https://unfccc.int/sites/default/files/english_paris_agreement.pdf.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 20

these issues, in 2020 we launched our FutureFit Academy as specific coalitions and initiatives. Key examples of our recent
part of BHP Operations Services, a new team of permanent BHP public advocacy include:
employees that provides production and maintenance services.
 We are a signatory to the World Bank’s ‘Putting a Price on
Among other things, the FutureFit Academy is intended to
Carbon’ statement and a partner in the Carbon Pricing
develop the future facing skills in our teams to operate and
Leadership Coalition, a global initiative that brings together
maintain the zero-emission trucks under development through
leaders from industry, government, academia and civil
our collaboration with Komatsu. Candidates from regional
society with the goal of putting in place effective carbon
communities are specifically targeted, and are offered fit-forpricing policies. As part of this, we participated in the
purpose training programs in dedicated learning centres in Perth,
development of the Report of the High Level Commission on
Western Australia or Mackay, Queensland. Once trained and
Carbon Pricing and Competitiveness.
qualified, graduates are offered a permanent position with the
Operations Services Maintenance team at one of our Australia-  We have supported efforts by the Centre for Climate and
based operations in Western Australia's Pilbara or Queensland's Energy Solutions (C2ES) to strengthen the policy response to
Bowen Basin regions. climate change in the United States. This included signing on
to public statements calling for the administration and
Where demand for a commodity is expected to be particularly Congress to ‘enact ambitious, durable, and bipartisan climate
impacted by the transition, the opportunity for migration to policies’, and to prioritise investment in low carbon
alternate mining roles may not be possible and therefore infrastructure. We also opposed the previous administration’s
alternative solutions will need to be identified in cooperation with change to methane emissions rules.
government and the community themselves.
 We have provided feedback on key aspects of the Australian
Currently, there are several external frameworks related to Government’s approach to climate change, including the
ensuring a just transition. Developing a common understanding proposed Corporate Emissions Reduction Transparency
of just transition and tracking progress will be essential for report and the Technology Investment Roadmap.
success, allowing companies to make clear commitments and We recognise there is considerable stakeholder interest in the
investors to identify benefits of effective implementation. role played by industry associations in public policy debates,
particularly in the context of climate change policy. Over the past
The CA100+ Net Zero Company Benchmark, in its Disclosure
five years, we have introduced a range of measures to
Indicator 9, requests that a company considers the impacts from
strengthen governance of our member associations and their
transitioning to a lower-carbon business model on its workers
climate change advocacy. These have included:
and communities. CA100+ has not yet fully developed this
indicator. In FY2022, we intend to contribute to the CA100+  Establishing a transparent process to review the alignment
development work, providing insights from our sector. between BHP’s climate policy positions and those held by our
member associations, and to act where ‘material differences’
6. Climate policy engagement
have been identified
Achieving the Paris Agreement goals will require supportive  Publishing our Global Climate Policy Standards, which set
policy across jurisdictions globally. The following principles our expectations for how member associations should
underpin our views on how governments should take action on advocate on climate policy
climate change:
 Committing to disclose in ‘real time’ if we determine that one
 Climate change is a global challenge, and international of our member associations has substantially departed from
collaboration is required to maximise emissions reductions our Global Climate Policy Standards
and minimise impacts to competitiveness.  Working with key member associations in Australia to clarify
 National governments should set long-term climate change advocacy roles and responsibilities and improve the
targets consistent with the Paris Agreement and intermediate transparency of their advocacy activities
targets aligned with this goal. Such certainty is essential to
 Disclosing key information about BHP’s material member
support business decision making.
associations, including membership fees and our rationale for
 Policymaking should accommodate changes in scientific membership85
understanding over time, take into account full life-cycle
impacts and promote the most efficient system-wide BHP has also been taking proactive steps to enhance the
decarbonisation outcomes. climate advocacy of our member associations. This has involved:
 Least-cost abatement should be the primary focus of climate  Working with other members to progress the Mineral Council
mitigation policies. This is most likely to be realised through of Australia’s (MCA) Climate Action Plan. This plan is focused
market mechanisms (including carbon pricing) and outcomes- on developing technology pathways to drive emissions
based regulatory approaches. reduction, improving the sector’s understanding and
 Governments should play an active role in supporting the management of climate change risks, and raising awareness
development and deployment of low emissions technologies. of the sector’s response to climate change.
 Governments should undertake regular adaptation planning  Working with the Australian Petroleum Production and
and introduce policies to strengthen the adaptive capacity of Exploration Association to update its climate change policy
businesses and communities. principles. These provide explicit support for achieving net
The policy-making process is complex and change is unlikely to zero emissions by 2050, and are aligned with BHP’s Global
be smooth or linear. We believe we can best support policy Climate Policy Standards.
development by ensuring we meet our own climate
 Supporting the efforts of the C2ES, the CEO Climate
commitments, continuing to make the case for the economic
Dialogue and the Climate Leadership Council to provide
opportunities arising from the energy transition, and focusing on
public backing for the enactment of enact ambitious climate
those policy areas where we are likely to have the greatest ability
policy in the United States Congress.
to influence change.
 Contributing to the development of the Business Council of
We engage on policy matters directly with government and Australia’s new National Climate Strategy, which is expected
through our membership of industry associations and issue85 Refer to bhp.com/our-approach/operating-with-integrity/industry-associations-bhps-approach/.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 21

to be released ahead of the 26th United Nations Climate 2020, with performance against operational emissions and value
Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) in late 2021. chain measures now representing 10 per cent of the Cash and
Deferred Plan (CDP) scorecard.
We are also strengthening our approach by subjecting our
material member associations to a formal industry association The 10 per cent climate change component applied to
review, as we announced in 2020. In accordance with BHP’s remuneration paid in respect of FY2021 and includes these key
principles for participating in industry associations, if the review measures:
process identifies a material difference with a member
association on climate policy, BHP will consider a range of  Reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 operational GHG
remediation measures, including suspension or cessation of emissions
membership. BHP’s general view, however, is that there is  Short and medium-term actions to reduce operational GHG
greater scope to achieve positive climate outcomes if we use our emissions on the pathway to net zero emissions
influence within industry associations.
 Short and medium-term actions to address value chain
As an example of this, BHP’s 2019 industry association review (Scope 3) GHG emissions
identified two material differences with the US Chamber of
Stakeholder engagement
Commerce (US Chamber), relating to the association’s previous
opposition to specific emissions reduction targets and carbon The Board uses a range of formal and informal communication
pricing. Through engagement from BHP and other member channels to seek to understand and take into account the views
companies, the US Chamber recently updated its climate change of shareholders. Feedback and commentary related to climate
position statement to provide support for market-based change are increasingly a part of all of our routine investor
approaches to accelerate emissions reduction across the US engagements, including results roadshows with the CEO and
economy. The US Chamber also recently welcomed the return of CFO, and the Chair’s investor engagement meetings. A
the United States ‘to international leadership on climate change’ summary of this feedback is provided to the Board.
following the announcement of President Biden’s new climate
In FY2021, the CEO, CFO, senior management and the Investor
goal. BHP will continue to use its position on the US Chamber’s
Relations team held virtual meetings and roundtables with
Task Force on Climate Action to further strengthen the
investors worldwide. Topics covered included corporate
association’s advocacy on climate policy, particularly in regard to
governance and ESG matters, steel decarbonisation
providing clearer support for carbon pricing and emissions
technologies, strategy, finance and operating performance. We
reduction targets aligned with the Paris Agreement goals.
also engaged regularly with the CA100+ on a range of
The next update to this review will be published in 2022. Further decarbonisation and emissions related topics, and with the
information on our approach to industry associations is available Transparency Pathway Initiative and FTSE Russell about their
at bhp.com/our-approach/operating-with-integrity. methodologies relating to the transition and approach to mined
commodities.
7. Climate governance
Management authority
Climate change is a material governance and strategic issue and
Below the level of the Board, key management decisions are
is routinely on the BHP Board’s agenda, including as part of
made by the CEO and management, in accordance with their
strategy discussions, portfolio reviews and investment decisions,
delegated authority. Our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) is
risk management oversight and monitoring, and performance
held to account for a range of measures including climate-related
against our commitments.
performance, which are then cascaded through the organisation.
The Sustainability Committee assists the Board in overseeing
BHP has a dedicated Climate Change Team that is responsible
the Group’s climate change performance and governance
for advising the ELT. The team collaborates with BHP’s functions
responsibilities, and the Risk and Audit Committee assists the
and asset teams, external partners and industry to develop
Board with the oversight of climate-related risk management,
practical climate change solutions, designed to preserve and
although the Board retains overall accountability for BHP’s risk
unlock long-term value for the Group. It regularly prepares
profile.
information and advice for the ELT, Sustainability Committee,
Board skills and experience Risk and Audit Committee and the Board on climate-related
strategy, risks and opportunities, and performance against
Board members bring experience from a range of sectors,
climate-related metrics. It also monitors key risk indicators and
including resources, energy, finance, technology and the public
signposts against our appetite for climate change-related risks.
sector. The Board also seeks the input of suitably skilled
members of management and independent advisers. This equips Climate-related activity is also undertaken across the Group,
them to consider potential implications of climate change on BHP including in our Portfolio Strategy and Development,
and our operational capacity, as well as to understand the nature Commercial, Planning and Technical and Environment teams.
of the debate and the international policy response as it These activities are overseen by the Climate Change Steering
develops. In addition, there is an ongoing focus on Committee, which is made up of ELT representatives of our
understanding systemic risk and the potential impacts on our Operational and Commercial teams, plus Legal, Governance,
portfolio. Finance, Planning and Investor Relations functions.
The Board has taken measures designed to ensure its decisions
8. TCFD disclosure
are informed by climate change science and expert advisers.
The Board seeks the input from management (including Dr Fiona We have been reporting in line with the Task Force on ClimateWild, our Vice President Sustainability and Climate Change) and related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations since
a range of independent advisers. In addition, our Forum on the recommendations were released in 2017. For example, the
Corporate Responsibility (which includes Don Henry, former BHP Climate Change Report 2020 aligns with the TCFD’s
CEO of the Australian Conservation Foundation and Changhua themes of Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics
Wu, former Greater China Director, the Climate Group) advises and Targets. Our Vice President of Sustainability and Climate
operational management teams and engages with the Change, Dr Fiona Wild, has been a member of the Task Force
Sustainability Committee and the Board, as appropriate. since its inception in 2015. We believe the TCFD
recommendations represent an important step towards
Executive remuneration
establishing a widely accepted framework for climate-related
The Board strengthened the link between executive financial risk disclosure.
remuneration and delivery of our climate change strategy in
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 22

Glossary
Assets Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
Assets are a set of one or more geographically proximate For BHP reporting purposes, GHG emissions are the aggregate
operations (including open-cut mines, underground mines, and anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of carbon
onshore and offshore oil and gas production and processing dioxide (CO ), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O),
facilities). Assets include our operated and non-operated assets. hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and
sulphur hexafluoride (SF6). All are expressed in carbon dioxide
BHP (‘the Group’, ‘our business’, ‘organisation’, ‘we’, ‘us’, equivalent (CO -e). Nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) GHG emissions are
‘our’ and ‘ourselves’) currently not relevant for BHP reporting purposes.
Both companies in the dual listed company structure, being BHP Group
Group Limited, BHP Group Plc, and their respective subsidiaries.
BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and their respective
BHP Ventures subsidiaries.
Our internal venture capital unit, which looks to invest in Net zero (for a BHP goal, target or pathway, or similar)
emerging companies with game-changing technologies and
management teams to help drive innovation and provide us with Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.
a valuable portfolio of growth options.
Net zero (for industry sectors, the global economy,
Board transition or future, or similar)
The Board of Directors of BHP. Net zero refers to a state in which the greenhouse gases (as
defined in this Glossary) going into the atmosphere are balanced
Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2-e) by removal out of the atmosphere.
The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global Nickel West
warming potential (GWP) of each greenhouse gas, expressed in
terms of the GWP of one unit of carbon dioxide. It is used to Nickel West is our integrated sulphide mining, concentrating,
evaluate releasing (or avoiding releasing) different greenhouse smelting and refining operation in Western Australia.
gases against a common basis.
Paris Agreement
Carbon neutral
The Paris Agreement is an agreement between countries party
Carbon neutral includes all those greenhouse gas emissions as to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
defined for BHP reporting purposes. (UNFCC) to strengthen efforts to combat climate change and
adapt to its effects, with enhanced support to assist developing
Carbon offsets countries to do so.
The central purpose of a carbon offset for an organisation is to Paris Agreement goals
substitute for internal GHG emission reductions. Offsets may be
generated through projects in which GHG emissions are The central objective of the Paris Agreement is its long-term
avoided, reduced, removed from the atmosphere or permanently temperature goal to hold global average temperature increase to
stored (sequestration). Carbon offsets are generally created and well below 2°C above preindustrial levels and pursue efforts to
independently verified in accordance with either a voluntary limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial
program or under a regulatory program. The purchaser of a levels.
carbon offset can ‘retire’ or ‘surrender’ it to claim the underlying
reduction towards their own GHG emissions reduction targets or Paris-aligned
goals or to meet legal obligations.
Aligned to the Paris Agreement goals.
Executive Leadership Team
Plan
The Executive Leadership Team directly reports to the Chief
This Climate Transition Action Plan.
Executive Officer and is responsible for the day-to-day
management of BHP and leading the delivery of our strategic
Queensland Coal
objectives.
Queensland Coal comprises the BHP Mitsubishi Alliance (BMA)
Goal
and BHP Mitsui Coal (BMC) assets in the Bowen Basin in
Central Queensland, Australia.
An ambition to seek an outcome for which there is no current
pathway(s), but for which efforts will be pursued towards
Target
addressing that challenge, subject to certain assumptions or
conditions. An intended outcome in relation to which we have identified one
or more pathways for delivery of that outcome, subject to certain
assumptions or conditions.
1.5°C
Above pre-industrial levels.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 23

Scenario analysis
Central Energy scenario
Central Energy View is one of our scenarios used as an input
to our planning cases (our mid-planning case). It reflects, and
is periodically updated to respond to, existing policy trends
and commitments and currently tracks to approximately 3°C
temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by 2100.
Refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 at bhp.com for
more information.
Lower Carbon scenario
Lower Carbon View is one of our scenarios used as an input
to our planning cases. It currently tracks to approximately
2.5°C temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by
2100, and accelerates decarbonisation trends and policies,
particularly in easier-to-abate sectors such as power
generation and light duty vehicles. Refer to the BHP Climate
Change Report 2020 at bhp.com for more information.
BHP’s 1.5°C scenario (‘our 1.5°C scenario’)
Our 1.5°C scenario models a GHG emissions trajectory to
2100 that limits global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial
levels. BHP’s 1.5°C scenario aligns with the Paris Agreement
goals and requires steep global annual emissions reductions,
sustained for decades, to stay within a 1.5°C carbon budget.
Deep Green hypothetical
Deep Green hypothetical is BHP’s regional and sectorspecific, bottom-up modelling exercise that seeks to simulate
the specific impact on the steel sector of a much more rapid
global convergence towards decarbonisation, universal
access to zero emissions electricity and a US$200 per tonne
global carbon price. It is unlike and wholly separate from the
whole-system modelling with global temperature outcomes
approach taken in our Central Energy, Lower Carbon, or
1.5°C scenarios.
Reporting terms
Capital goods
Final goods that have an extended life and are used by the
reporting company to manufacture a product, provide a service,
or sell, store, and deliver merchandise. In financial accounting,
capital goods are treated as fixed assets or plant, property and
equipment (PP&E). Examples of capital goods include
equipment, machinery, buildings, facilities, and vehicles.
Cradle-to-gate
All GHG emissions that occur in the lifecycle of purchased
products, up to the point of receipt by the reporting company
(excluding emissions from sources that are owned or controlled
by the reporting company).
Customers’ processing of our products
In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we
define ‘processing of our products’ as emissions resulting from
our customers’ processing of our products comprising iron ore
and metallurgical coal (steelmaking materials) and copper
(assumed to be processed into copper wire for end use). These
are reported under the Scope 3 Standard’s ‘Processing of sold
products’ category.
Customers’ use of our energy products
In line with our reporting methodology for Scope 3 emissions, we
define our energy products as oil, gas and energy coal and we
account for metallurgical coal within our customers’ processing
of sold products (within steelmaking emissions). These are
reported under the Scope 3 Standard’s ‘Use of sold products’
category.

Direct emissions
Emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the
reporting company.
Downstream emissions
Indirect GHG emissions from sold goods and services.
Downstream emissions also include emissions from products
that are distributed but not sold (i.e. distributed without receiving
payment).
Emission factor
A factor that converts activity data into GHG emissions data (e.g.
kg CO -e emitted per gigajoule of fuel consumed, kg CO -e
2 2
emitted per kilowatt-hour of electricity used).
Energy coal
Used as a fuel source in electrical power generation, cement
manufacture and various industrial applications. Energy coal
may also be referred to as steaming or thermal coal.
Fugitive emissions
Emissions that are not physically controlled but result from the
intentional or unintentional releases of greenhouse gases.
GHG Protocol
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and
Reporting Standard, which provides requirements and guidance
for companies and other organisations preparing a corporatelevel GHG emissions inventory.
Indirect emissions
Emissions that are a consequence of the activities of the
reporting company, but occur at sources owned or controlled by
another party.
LNG (liquefied natural gas)
Consists largely of methane that has been liquefied through
chilling and pressurisation. One tonne of LNG is approximately
equivalent to 46,000 cubic feet of natural gas.
Metallurgical coal
A broader term than coking coal, which includes all coals used in
steelmaking, such as coal used for the pulverised coal injection
process
Natural gas liquids
Consists of propane, butane and ethane – individually or as a
mixture.
Non-operated asset/non-operated joint venture (NOJV)
Non-operated assets/non-operated joint ventures include
interests in assets that are owned as a joint venture but not
operated by BHP. References in this Plan to a ‘joint venture’ are
used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are not
wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not intended to
characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the
asset.
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 24

[Table 1 — Page 24]
Scenario analysis
----------------------------------------
Central Energy scenario
Central Energy View is one of our scenarios used as an input
to our planning cases (our mid-planning case). It reflects, and
is periodically updated to respond to, existing policy trends
and commitments and currently tracks to approximately 3°C
temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by 2100.
Refer to the BHP Climate Change Report 2020 at bhp.com for
more information.
Lower Carbon scenario
Lower Carbon View is one of our scenarios used as an input
to our planning cases. It currently tracks to approximately
2.5°C temperature increase above pre-industrial levels by
2100, and accelerates decarbonisation trends and policies,
particularly in easier-to-abate sectors such as power
generation and light duty vehicles. Refer to the BHP Climate
Change Report 2020 at bhp.com for more information.
BHP’s 1.5°C scenario (‘our 1.5°C scenario’)
Our 1.5°C scenario models a GHG emissions trajectory to
2100 that limits global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial
levels. BHP’s 1.5°C scenario aligns with the Paris Agreement
goals and requires steep global annual emissions reductions,
sustained for decades, to stay within a 1.5°C carbon budget.
Deep Green hypothetical
Deep Green hypothetical is BHP’s regional and sectorspecific, bottom-up modelling exercise that seeks to simulate
the specific impact on the steel sector of a much more rapid
global convergence towards decarbonisation, universal
access to zero emissions electricity and a US$200 per tonne
global carbon price. It is unlike and wholly separate from the
whole-system modelling with global temperature outcomes
approach taken in our Central Energy, Lower Carbon, or
1.5°C scenarios.

Operated assets (‘our operations’)
Operated assets include assets that are wholly owned and
operated by BHP and assets that are owned as a joint venture
and operated by BHP. References in this Plan to a ‘joint venture’
are used for convenience to collectively describe assets that are
not wholly owned by BHP. Such references are not intended to
characterise the legal relationship between the owners of the
asset.
Operational boundaries
The boundaries that determine the direct and indirect GHG
emissions associated with operations owned or controlled by the
reporting company.
Operational emissions (‘operational GHG emissions’)
‘Operational emissions’ or ‘operational GHG emissions’ in this
Plan refers to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from our
operated assets.
Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers
‘Operational GHG emissions of our direct suppliers’ means the
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of our direct suppliers included
in BHP’s Scope 3 reporting categories (under the Scope 3
Standard) of ‘Purchased goods and services (including capital
goods)’, ‘Fuel and energy related activities’, ‘Business travel’,
and ‘Employee commuting’.
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are direct emissions from
operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting
company. For BHP, these are primarily emissions from fuel
consumed by haul trucks at our operated assets, as well as
fugitive methane emissions from coal and petroleum production
at our operated assets.
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are indirect emissions from
the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat
or cooling that is consumed by operations that are owned or
controlled by the reporting company. BHP’s Scope 2 emissions
have been calculated using the market-based method using
supplier specific emissions factors unless otherwise specified
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are all other indirect
emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the reporting
company’s value chain. For BHP, these are primarily emissions
resulting from our customers using and processing the
commodities we sell, as well as upstream emissions associated
with the extraction, production and transportation of the goods,
services, fuels and energy we purchase for use at our
operations; emissions resulting from the transportation and
distribution of our products; and operational GHG emissions (on
an equity basis) from our non-operated joint ventures.

Scope 3 Standard
The GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting
and Reporting Standard, which allows companies to assess their
entire value chain emissions impact and identify where to focus
reduction activities.
Scope 3 category
One of the 15 types of Scope 3 emissions defined by the Scope
3 Standard.
Upstream emissions
Indirect GHG emissions from purchased or acquired goods and
services.
Value chain emissions
‘Value chain emissions’ in this Plan refers to BHP’s reported
Scope 3 emissions inventory.
Abbreviations key
BF - blast furnace
BF-BOF - blast furnace-basic oxygen furnace
CA100+ - Climate Action 100+
CCUS - carbon capture, utilisation and storage and/or carbon
capture and storage.
CO2-e - tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
DRI - direct reduced iron
DRI-EAF - direct reduced iron electric arc furnace
EAF - electric arc furnace
ESG - Environment Social Governance
GHG - greenhouse gas
H2 - hydrogen
IEA - International Energy Agency
IIGCC - Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change
IMO - International Maritime Organisation
IPCC - Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
Kt CO2-e – kilotonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
LNG - liquefied natural gas
Mt CO2-e - million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
NSWEC - New South Wales Energy Coal
OEM – original equipment manufacturer
PPA – power purchasing agreement
TCFD - Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
UN – United Nations
US$/t CO2-e – United States dollars per tonne of carbon dioxide
equivalent
BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 25

BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 26

BHP Climate Transition Action Plan 27