2023 Sustainability Report

[Table 1 — Page 1]
| | |
----------------------------------------
| | 2023 Sustainability Report |

Sustainability Report
Contents
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting

3 Introduction / 49 Operations /
3 President and CEO Message 50 Quality
5 CSO Message 52 Sustainable Operations
7 2022 Highlights 62 Responsible Supply Chain
66 E nterprise Security and Data Privacy
9 Approach & Governance /
10 Company Profile 67 Communities /
11 A dvancing Our Sustainability Journey 68 Community Engagement
12 Sustainability Goals 69 Our Heroes
13 G overnance and Risk Management 70 Our Homes
15 Enhancing a Sustainability Culture 72 Our Future
16 Ethical and Compliant Business
73 Reporting /
18 People / 74 Key ESG Data
19 Workplace Safety 79 GRI Index
21 Employee Well-Being 91 SASB Index
24 G lobal Equity, Diversity and Inclusion 93 TCFD Index
26 P rofessional Development, Education 94 U .N. Sustainable Development Goals
and Learning
97 Awards and Recognition
98 S elect Memberships and Partnerships
27 Products & Services /
99 Forward-Looking Statements
28 Global Aerospace Safety
31 Sustainable Product Life Cycle
33 Innovation and Clean Technology
On the cover: Habitat restoration in Seattle; Reginald Douglas at St. Louis paint shop; ecoDemonstrator
sustainability test bed; Jacqueline Mercier, Defense Procurement. (Boeing photos)

[Table 1 — Page 2]

----------------------------------------


Sustainability Report
President and CEO Message
Contents
Introduction
President and CEO Message Sustainability
CSO Message
Alongside our strong commitment to safety, quality, and integrity, sustainability
2022 Highlights
is tightly woven into the fabric of our values, our culture and our aerospace
industry. Aviation is integral to our modern world, touching many sectors of
Approach & Governance the global economy and enabling personal human connections. That’s why
we title our report “Sustainable Aerospace Together.” Each of us has a role
to play to ensure we make the world better for future generations.
People
In this report, you’ll see examples of our collective efforts and partnerships to
advance environmental stewardship, human development and inclusion —
Products & Services
underpinned by transparency at every level as we strive to make aerospace
more sustainable, together.
Operations
Working Together for the Environment
Communities Collaboration with global industry partners, the energy sector, governments,
nongovernmental organizations, higher education institutions and other
stakeholders to advance sustainable solutions is more necessary than ever.
Reporting
To increase education around the commercial aviation industry’s carbon
footprint, and its ambition to reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2050,
Boeing created an innovative visual data modeling tool known as Cascade,
which you will learn more about in this report. Cascade models the climate
impact of the commercial aviation industry and explores paths to decarbonize
and reach net zero by 2050.
Within our manufacturing operations, it is not just what we build, but how
we build our products. We increasingly look at every stage of the product
life cycle through a sustainability lens. Our people have worked hard to
reduce our environmental impact by investing in conservation and procuring
more renewable electricity.
... continued on next page

Dave Calhoun, President and CEO

Sustainability Report
President and CEO Message
Contents
Working Together for Our Boeing, we support science, technology,
Introduction Employees and Communities engineering and math (STEM) education
President and CEO Message We also continue our focus on providing initiatives; assist military members, veterans
and their families; promote environmental
CSO Message a transparent, inclusive workplace culture
stewardship; advance racial equity; and
in which teammates’ voices are heard
2022 Highlights provide for communities in need — including
and managers are empowered to make
disaster recovery and relief.
meaningful change when necessary. Our
Approach & Governance latest progress and efforts in 2022 are seen
Transparency at Every Level
within our Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion
We continue to prioritize safety, quality,
report, including an increase in women’s
People integrity and sustainability every step of the
representation in our global workforce and
way. Trust is earned one airplane and one
racial/ethnic minority representation in the
interaction at a time. Our leadership team
U.S. workforce and connecting incentive
Products & Services
also works closely with the Boeing Board of
compensation to inclusion.
Directors to help ensure industry standards
Operations We routinely encourage use of our Seek, and ethical practices are followed. Our Board
Speak & Listen habits in internal interactions. and specifically the Governance & Public
Quarterly enterprise culture surveys Policy Committee provides oversight and
Communities indicate that a majority of our teammates holds us accountable to our sustainability
are comfortable discussing concerns with policies, practices and strategy.
managers and feel comfortable telling others
Reporting We are in the era of more sustainable
at work when they have made an error. Our
aerospace, and together, we look forward
goal is to provide a safe environment so that
to achieving it.
each employee’s voice is heard.
Our employees are also at the heart of
our community work. Through our global
community engagement efforts across David L. Calhoun
President and CEO

Our Values
How We Operate How We Act
Start with engineering Lead on safety, quality,
excellence integrity and sustainability
Be accountable — Foster a Just Culture
from beginning to end grounded in humility,
inclusion and transparency
Apply Lean principles —
eliminate traveled work Import best leadership practices
Crush bureaucracy Earn stakeholder trust
and preference
Reward predictability and
stability — everywhere Respect one another
in our business and advance a global,
diverse team
Innovate and operate to make the world better
Read more about our values

Sustainability Report
CSO Message
Contents
Mapping the Sustainable Aerospace Future Together
Introduction
President and CEO Message Decarbonizing aerospace is both the challenge and opportunity During the event, we also launched a public version of
CSO Message of our lifetime. We have long maintained that decarbonizing Cascade, a web-based application that uses public aviation
aerospace will take everything — technology, policy, capital, and energy data to visualize how various approaches might
2022 Highlights
energy, entrepreneurship — and everyone — employees, be combined to lower emissions. It was rewarding to see
customers, financiers, regulators, academics and business our partners and stakeholders engage with the tool, and we
Approach & Governance partners. For that reason, we just convened global thought can’t wait for the global user community to further refine
leaders and decision-makers from across these communities Cascade over time. We invite everyone to check it out at
to review our progress to date and discuss the way forward SustainabilityTogether.aero.
People
toward achieving Sustainable Aerospace Together.
This Sustainable Aerospace Together Forum was a
Aerospace is more than an industry. We connect people culmination of many activities and events that took place
Products & Services around the globe and promote an understanding of throughout 2022 with the same common theme — together.
different cultures; we protect through national security and We made important progress over the past year with valued
humanitarian relief; we contribute to the global economy with partners around the globe.
Operations
jobs, trade, technology and commerce; and we inspire young
Together ...
minds to seek careers in STEM. Commercial aviation also
Communities generates about 2.5% of the world’s carbon emissions and We launched Cascade. At the Farnborough International
12% of transport emissions, so we must find ways to further Airshow in July 2022, we announced Cascade and provided
decouple forecasted growth of aerospace from greenhouse a live demonstration of Version 1.0. Cascade was developed
Reporting
gas emissions (GHG) ... and continue to do so safely to visualize the climate impact of aviation across the world
and transparently. and explore scenarios to most effectively decarbonize
commercial aviation by 2050: fleet renewal, operational
The engagement was energizing and encouraging as sector
efficiency, sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) and new aviation
leaders leaned into the issues and potential roadblocks
technologies such as transonic truss-braced wing structures,
that could slow the commercial aviation industry’s progress
hybrid-electric, all-electric or hydrogen airplanes. This tool
toward meeting its net-zero 2050 ambition. What struck me
allows stakeholders across the industry — in particular
was the collective decision in tackling this issue together
customers and policymakers — to make informed decisions
for the greater good of the industry and humanity at large.
and trade-offs about how to best reach the commercial
It was also a reminder that this hard to abate industry has
aviation industry’s net-zero 2050 ambition. We look forward
historically solved hard challenges — from inventing flight
to the additional feedback from the recent public launch and
to discovering the universe. It’s with humility and resolve
will continue to invest in Cascade through collaborating with
that we collectively take on the challenge of more
founding members of the Community to include IATA, NASA,
sustainable aerospace.
University of Cambridge’s Whittle Laboratory and the MIT
Laboratory for Aviation and the Environment.

Chris Raymond, Chief Sustainability Officer

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Neil Titchener, Ellen Ebner and Chris Raymond unveil the public The Sustainable Aerospace Together Forum, presented by Boeing President and CEO Dave Calhoun discusses the importance
President and CEO Message version of Cascade during the Sustainable Aerospace Together Boeing in partnership with the Financial Times, brought together of working together for a sustainable aerospace future with Boeing
Forum in Renton. (Boeing photo) the aviation, energy, finance and policy sectors. (Boeing photo) communicator Elisa Hahn at the pre-forum reception. (Boeing photo)
CSO Message
2022 Highlights
We advanced SAF. Nearly all industry and governmental Finally, the Boeing ecoDemonstrator team partnered including airline customers, suppliers and regulatory
decarbonization road maps conclude that SAF is the biggest with NASA on emissions testing to better understand SAF agencies. From the first ecoDemonstrator in 2012 through
Approach & Governance
lever we have to reduce GHG emissions from commercial and contrails. this year’s effort, the ecoDemonstrator program will have
aviation. Our company is focused on multiple areas to evaluated more than 225 technologies with approximately
We advanced the future of flight. While SAF is a
People catalyze SAF scaling, including investing in airplane efficiency one-third of those getting implemented. Projects include
necessary lever to decarbonize commercial aviation,
and compatibility, purchasing SAF for our own fuel use in technologies that reduce fuel use, emissions and noise,
we have a “SAF and” view and not a “SAF or” approach
our operations, engaging global regulators on smart policies, enhance safety and incorporate more sustainable materials.
Products & Services to achieving the commercial aviation industry’s net zero goal
promoting robust sustainability criteria, and investing
by 2050. Together with partners, we continue to explore the Sustainable Aerospace starts within our four walls and
in Cascade to further industry partnerships and policy
safety and viability of other renewable energy carriers and Boeing continues to make progress on our 2025 operational
Operations advocacy to scale up SAF supply and bring down cost.
technologies for aircraft. You’ll read about several of these targets as outlined on Page 53.
We continue to make progress on the technical journey developments in this report, including our Wisk joint venture’s
See Page 7 for a more comprehensive snapshot of our
Communities working with our suppliers to ensure our commercial announcement of the world’s first self-flying, all-electric
accomplishments last year and Page 45 for an overview of
airplanes are 100% SAF compatible by 2030. We are four-passenger vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) air
how we partnered around the globe to advance sustainable
seeing exciting SAF innovation occurring in sustainable taxi. As Wisk’s go-to-market aircraft, the latest generation
aerospace together.
Reporting feedstocks and partnering on technologies including waste- of this aircraft represents the first-ever candidate for type
and-biomass-based SAF, power-and-biomass-to-liquid and certification by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration Together as an industry, we’ve made modern jet travel a
power-to-liquid enablers that can make existing and future of an autonomous eVTOL. We also value our partnerships reality, helped defend freedom around the world, and made
SAF pathways more sustainable over time. around the world to advance sustainable technologies, space exploration possible. We now enter the era of more
such as the new Boeing Research and Technology sustainable aerospace. The foundation we are laying now
We purchased 5.6 million gallons (21.2 million liters) of
center in Japan with a focus on sustainability. We are also will be carried forward by future generations to preserve
blended SAF to support our commercial operations. The
honored to be selected by NASA for the Sustainable Flight and grow the societal benefits of this industry. We are proud
challenge remains scaling SAF availability and lowering its
Demonstrator program, which will inform future designs to be on this journey — together — with so many capable
cost. Together, we’ve made important progress this year
that could lead to breakthrough aerodynamics and future and committed partners around the globe.
on building the industry. Governments around the world
efficiency gains.
are unlocking policy mechanisms to scale SAF, including a
blending mandate and corresponding offtake requirement in The aforementioned Boeing ecoDemonstrator program
Europe, and incentives such as the Blenders Tax Credit for embodies our “together” theme and is celebrating its
SAF producers in the U.S. These policies and incentives are 10-year anniversary this year. The ecoDemonstrator Chris Raymond
beginning to attract necessary capital to scale production. takes promising technologies out of a lab and tests them Chief Sustainability Officer
in operational environments with a variety of partners,

[Table 1 — Page 6]
| | | |
----------------------------------------
| Neil Titchener, Ellen Ebner and Chris Raymond unveil the public version of Cascade during the Sustainable Aerospace Together Forum in Renton. (Boeing photo) | | The Sustainable Aerospace Together Forum, presented by Boeing in partnership with the Financial Times, brought together the aviation, energy, finance and policy sectors. (Boeing photo) | Boeing President and CEO Dave Calhoun discusses the importance of working together for a sustainable aerospace future with Boeing communicator Elisa Hahn at the pre-forum reception. (Boeing photo)

2023 Boeing Sustainable Aerospace Together
Sustainability Report
2022 Highlights
Contents
January 2022 May
Introduction
President and CEO Message
CSO Message
2022 Highlights
Wisk secured $450 million Named ENERGY STAR Boeing and MIT announced Boeing and Alder Fuels
from Boeing to advance Partner of the Year research project to help partnered to scale
Approach & Governance
certified autonomous decarbonize aerospace SAF globally
electric flight
June
People February
Products & Services
Became founding member Debuted future flight concepts
Operations Unveiled 2022 ecoDemonstrator, of UK Innovation Hub to at Farnborough Airshow
a 777-200ER serving as a test drive SAF development
bed for 30 new technologies to
August
help decarbonize aviation
Communities
Purchased 2 million gallons
(7.6 million liters) of SAF
Reporting for Boeing’s commercial July
airplane operations
Boeing and Mitsubishi
April Heavy Industries partnered Opened Japan Research
on innovative climate Center and expanded
change solutions sustainability partnerships
Debuted Cascade, a data
modeling tool that visualizes
how to get to a net-zero
carbon emission future for
commercial aviation
Announced multiyear
commitment to Yale
Center for Natural Announced research Announced as the aviation
Carbon Capture project with the University of sector champion in First
Cambridge to further advance Movers Coalition, global
Aviation Impact Accelerator alliance established by
7 the U.S. government and
World Economic Forum

September
ecoDemonstrator technology
Boeing and Wisk unveiled
testing featured in Aviation
concept of operations for
Week
urban air mobility
November
New Boeing Additive
Manufacturing facility in Partnered with Avolon, an
Auburn, Washington, uses 3D aircraft leasing company,
printing to produce essential to scale SAF in Ireland
components, reducing waste
January 2023
October
Wisk unveiled world’s first Selected for NASA Sustainable
autonomous, four-seat, Flight Demonstrator award
all-electric, vertical takeoff
and landing air taxi
ecoDemonstrator program
collaborated with NASA to test
SAF emissions

European Parliament Singapore Airshow
Sustainability Event
Sustainable Air Hub
2023 Boeing Decarbonizing Farnborough Airshow Conference on National Research Report Launch
Aviation: Armaments Directors
Sustainability Report Everything Jet Zero Council Energy & Sustainability Week Asia 2023
for Zero Sustainability
Airfinance Forum Peking University Institute
Connecting Journal ILA-Berlin MENA 2023 of Energy’s Report Launch
Dublin Air Show
Boeing China Civil Aviation Green
Contents Sustain F a o b r i u li m ty COP27 P R o e w po e r r t - t L o a - u L n iq c u h id Development Forum
Summit of
Globally the Americas
Indo-Pacific Clean
Energy Forum
Introduction
to Advance Boeing Tokyo
President and CEO Message Sustainability Summit
CSO Message
2022 Highlights Sustainable
Approach & Governance Aerospace
People
Products & Services
Operations
Americas Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam — Supported aviation industry forums and United Kingdom
workshops with regulators, airlines and academics, sharing key aviation • Farnborough Airshow: Unveiled Cascade and announced several sustainability
Communities Brazil — Boeing Sustainability Forum: Boeing celebrated its 90th anniversary decarbonization priorities and strategies. initiatives, including partnerships with University of Sheffield Energy Innovation
in Brazil at an inaugural summit with the Roundtable on Sustainable Materials
and Brazilian-American Chamber of Commerce in São Paulo in September. Singapore Centre, Cambridge – Aviation Impact Accelerator, Alder Fuels, Mitsubishi Heavy
Industries and MIT. Joined UK Ministry of Defense and industry partners to
• Singapore Airshow: Engaged with key industry and policy stakeholders to
U.S. discuss how sustainability enhances operational effectiveness and resilience.
Reporting advocate for sustainable aviation initiatives and partnerships.
• Summit of the Americas: Hosted a roundtable on sustainable aviation with
• Jet Zero Council: Boeing hosted the Council meeting in London in February
IATA as part of Summit of the Americas in Los Angeles in June. • Singapore Sustainable Air Hub Report: Contributed key sustainability
2023, showcasing both Boeing’s UK presence and the Cascade modeling
insights as part of international advisory panel established by the Civil
• Decarbonizing Aviation “Everything for Zero”: Hosted an event in tool, which informs future climate policy choices such as UK SAF mandates.
Aviation Authority of Singapore.
Washington, D.C., in November, sharing Boeing’s vision and a Cascade
Republic of Ireland — Airfinance Journal Dublin: Joined a panel on carbon
demo with U.S. and non-U.S. policymakers, legislators and think tanks.
Europe offsetting and operational strategies for carbon reduction.
Asia-Pacific Belgium
Middle East & North Africa
• European Parliament Sustainability Event: Organized a joint event with
Australia — Indo-Pacific Clean Energy Forum: Co-hosted a high-level SAF Ryanair in October, engaging with members of the Parliament, media, United Arab Emirates — Power-to-Liquid Report Launch: Supported and joined
panel discussion in July in Sydney. industry and EU stakeholders about ongoing policies and regulations that the launch event of the Power-to-Liquid roadmap led by the UAE government
China contribute to accelerating SAF supply and use. in July.
• Peking University Institute of Energy’s Report Launch: Supported the report • Conference on National Armaments Directors: Joined NATO’s first Industry Egypt — COP27: Engaged government, industry, civil society partners and
launch in October, which compiled results of SAF research. Symposium on Climate Change and Capabilities, which brought together over local and international media.
• Boeing participated at the 1st China Civil Aviation Green Development 150 representatives from NATO Allies and industry. Participants discussed the Bahrain — Energy & Sustainability Forum MENA 2023: Joined panel and
Forum, which was sponsored by CAAC and in the Annual Civil Aircraft military challenges of a climate changed world, navigating the energy transition discussed opportunities for alternative fuels, rising importance to diversify
Industry International Forum. and the national security opportunities of technologies like SAF. and build out low-carbon fuels and green chemical industry to create
development opportunities.
Japan — Boeing Tokyo Sustainability Summit: Hosted a two-day sustainability Germany — Berlin Air Show: Briefed media about Boeing’s work to
summit to celebrate a new research center opening in August. decarbonize both commercial and defense products.

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
Company Profile
Advancing Our
Sustainability Journey
Sustainability Goals
Governance and
Risk Management
Enhancing a
Sustainability Culture
Ethical and Compliant
Business
People
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Boeing global headquarters in Arlington, Virginia campus just outside Washington,
D.C. (Boeing photo)

A P P R O A C H &
G O V E R N A N C E
Transparent and Accountable

[Table 1 — Page 9]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance Company Profile Advancing Our Sustainability Journey Sustainability Goals Governance and Risk Management Enhancing a Sustainability Culture Ethical and Compliant Business People Products & Services Operations Communities Reporting 9 | |
----------------------------------------
| | Boeing global headquarters in Arlington, Virginia campus just outside Washington, D.C. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Company Profile
Contents
Introduction
The Boeing Company
As a leading global aerospace company, Boeing
Approach & Governance
develops, manufactures and services commercial
Company Profile
airplanes, defense products and space systems for 2022 Boeing
2022 Revenue Market Outlook 2022 Employment
Advancing Our customers in more than 150 countries. As a top U.S.
$67B $9.6T 156K
Sustainability Journey exporter, the company leverages the talents of a global
supplier base to advance economic opportunity,
Sustainability Goals
sustainability and community impact. Boeing’s diverse
Governance and
team is committed to innovating for the future, leading
Risk Management
with sustainability and cultivating a culture based on the
Enhancing a company’s core values of safety, quality and integrity $23B Defense, Space & Security 10-Year Served Market 13% Outside the U.S.
Sustainability Culture and sustainability. Learn more at boeing.com. $26B Commercial Airplanes $2.8T Defense, Space & Security 16,961 Defense, Space & Security
Ethical and Compliant $18B Global Services $3.5T Commercial Airplanes 41,256 Commercial Airplanes
Business
$0.2B Boeing Capital $3.3T Global Services 20,523 Global Services
77,614 Enterprise
People
Products & Services
Commercial Airplanes Defense, Space & Security Global Services
Operations
This business develops, produces and markets commercial This business engages in the research, development, production and This business provides services to our commercial and
jet aircraft, principally to the commercial airline industry modification of manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons defense customers worldwide. Boeing Global Services
worldwide. We are a leading producer of commercial systems for strike, surveillance and mobility, including fighter and sustains aerospace platforms and systems with a full
Communities
aircraft and offer a family of commercial jetliners designed trainer aircraft; vertical lift, including rotorcraft and tilt-rotor aircraft; spectrum of products and services, including supply chain
to meet a broad spectrum of global passenger and cargo and commercial derivative aircraft, including anti-submarine and and logistics management; engineering, maintenance and
Reporting requirements of airlines. This family of commercial jet tanker aircraft. In addition, this segment engages in the research, modifications; upgrades and conversions; spare parts; pilot
aircraft in production includes the 737 standard-body development, production and modification of the following products and maintenance training systems and services; technical
model and the 767, 777 and 787 widebody models. We and related services: strategic defense and intelligence systems, and maintenance documents; and data analytics and
ended production of the 747 widebody model in 2022. including strategic missile and defense systems, command, digital services.
Development continues on the 777X program and the control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance
737-7 and 737-10 derivatives. and reconnaissance, cyber and information solutions, intelligence
systems, satellite systems, including government and commercial
satellites and space exploration.

Sustainability Report
Advancing Our Sustainability Journey
Contents
Stakeholder-Driven Transparency expectations. We have organized our sustainability efforts
Introduction around four key pillars: People, Products & Services,
Boeing is committed to transparency. Boeing considers
Operations and Communities. Our sustainability priorities To supplement this report, we publish additional
stakeholders’ interests to identify and prioritize the most
and enterprise initiatives are managed through these pillars, information at boeing.com/sustainability.
Approach & Governance relevant issues and to assess the most significant challenges
with key goals and metrics monitored by company leaders
and risks facing the company. Through our annual disclosure
Company Profile including our Global Sustainability Council (See Page 13).
and reporting cycle, we compile and share a broad set of
Our efforts reflect the shared value we create with our key
Advancing Our data, information and operating examples that are relevant
Sustainability Journey to our stakeholders, including our employees, customers, stakeholders. You will see our sustainability priorities,
Stakeholder Group Engagement Channel
listed below, emphasized in this report. Our collaborative
Sustainability Goals industry partners, investors, regulatory authorities,
relationships inform these priorities and our sustainability • Annual and quarterly surveys
communities and others. These diverse groups of
Governance and goals, driving long-term value for our stakeholders. • Employee forums and meetings
stakeholders have been identified by Boeing as being key
Risk Management Employees • Internal websites
to the business because of their potential to influence or be • Global Aerospace Safety
Enhancing a • D&I committees
affected by Boeing’s mission to protect, connect and explore
Sustainability Culture • Employee Safety and Well-Being • Boeing resource groups
our world and beyond. Using widely applicable disclosure
Ethical and Compliant frameworks, Boeing reports each year on our financial • Climate Action • Airshows
Business performance and company priorities; our employee • Environmentally Responsible Operations Commercial • Trade shows
demographics and progress toward achieving equity, • Customer meetings and summits
• Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Customers
People diversity and inclusion goals; our sustainability performance; • Airshows
• Ethical and Compliant Business
our community investments and advocacy; and our Defense • Customer meetings and summits
industry-leading aerospace market outlooks. • Data Privacy and Information Security • Industry groups and forums
Products & Services
Throughout 2022, we maintained a comprehensive • Professional Development, Education and Learning • Investor conferences
Investors
engagement strategy that focused on engaging with key • Community Engagement • Investor meetings and summits
Operations stakeholders through proactive ongoing dialogue, surveys, • NGO events and forums
• Responsible Supply Chain
industry forums and events, and monitoring external data, Regulators • Government regulator meetings
some of which is discussed throughout this report. This • Economic Performance • Industry groups and forums
Communities
dialogue and collaboration informs our approach, goals
Reporting Approach and Alignment • Boeing supplier conferences
and actions to drive sustainable, long-term value for our
Suppliers • Supplier communications
stakeholders. We look forward to continuing to evolve and To address the diverse interests of our stakeholders, we have
Reporting
• Industry groups and forums
refine our stakeholder engagement strategy throughout provided a detailed overview of our sustainability activities and
2023 and beyond. data in this report. We are providing indexes with alignment to • Third-party surveys
Flying Public
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting • Media
Embedding Sustainability at Boeing Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related Financial
We continue to embed sustainability practices across our Disclosures (TCFD) and the United Nations Sustainable
business, learning and evolving to meet stakeholder Development Goals (U.N. SDGs) in the Reporting section.

[Table 1 — Page 11]
Employees | • Annual and quarterly surveys • Employee forums and meetings • Internal websites • D&I committees • Boeing resource groups
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 11]
Investors | • Investor conferences • Investor meetings and summits
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 11]
Suppliers | • Boeing supplier conferences • Supplier communications • Industry groups and forums
----------------------------------------

2023 Boeing Sustainability Goals
Sustainability Report
Goal Statement 2030 Target Progress
Employee Safety & Well-Being • Top quartile recordable injury rate • We continue to strive to be in the top quartile of recordable injury rates among benchmarked peers.
Contents Value human life and well-being above (among sector benchmarked performance). • In 2022, COVID-19-related impacts led to a 39% increase in recordable injury rate. When normalized for COVID-19 impacts we saw
all else and take action accordingly; a 4% reduction in recordable injury rate, suggesting continued progress as COVID-19 subsides.
strive to prevent all workplace injuries • Read more about Workplace Safety on Pages 19-20.
Introduction
• ≥90% believe their manager supports •In 2022, 91% of employees reported that their manager supported their well-being.
their well-being. •Read more about Employee Well-Being on Pages 21-23.
Approach & Governance
Company Profile Global Aerospace Safety • Drive aerospace safety via global • Established a dedicated ombudsperson for FAA Organization Designation Authorization representatives.
Drive aerospace safety to prevent aerospace safety initiatives to maintain • Inducted a new real-time data and analytics platform called Boeing Safety Intelligence into our Safety Management System.
Advancing Our accidents, injury or loss of life with downward trend of worldwide commercial • Introduced Boeing Virtual Procedures Trainer and Maintenance Synthetic Trainer for pilots and mechanics to provide experiential training
Sustainability Journey our Boeing culture and actions rooted jet fleet 10-year moving average fatal and complement current training.
in safety accident rate.
Sustainability Goals • Delivered competency-based training and assessment (CBTA) courses to four commercial customers; Boeing Next-Generation 737,
MAX and 787 CBTA training courses were approved by multiple regulatory agencies.
Governance and
Equity, Diversity & Inclusion • Increase representation of women globally • Increased women and U.S. racial/ethnic minority representation at Boeing at nearly every level of the company.
Risk Management
Address representation gaps and and underrepresented racial/ethnic • Tied inclusive hiring processes to incentive compensation: 92% of candidate interview slates for manager or director-level roles
Enhancing a strengthen equity, diversity and inclusion minorities in the U.S. included at least one woman globally, or at least one woman or racial/ethnic minority in the U.S. Read more on Page 25.
Sustainability Culture so that all team members feel supported • Read more in our GEDI Report.
and inspired to reach their full potential
Ethical and Compliant
Business Sustainable Operations • Achieve 55% absolute reduction in Scope 1 • Achieved 16% absolute GHG reduction at year-end 2022 from 2017 base year toward 2030 goal (Scope 1 and 2).
Maintain net-zero future for Boeing and Scope 2 GHG from 2017 base year.1
operations through conservation • Maintain net-zero emissions for Scope 1 • Achieved net-zero at manufacturing and work sites, for a third year, by emphasizing and incentivizing employee conservation
and renewable energy and Scope 2. and increasing renewable electricity use while procuring verified offsets for the remaining GHG.
People
• Achieve 100% renewable electricity. • Achieved 35% renewable electricity in 2022 by purchasing renewable electricity and renewable energy credits.
Partner with supply chain for
• Work with our suppliers to increase GHG • Implemented supplier code of conduct aligned to ESG elements including climate change and environment priorities.
responsible business practices
Products & Services reporting and proactively address risks driven • Launched supplier engagement via CDP Climate Change submissions to report emissions, assess reduction targets/progress
by climate change-driven risks. and identify collaboration opportunities.
Innovation & Clean Tech • Current and future commercial airplanes • Established plan for all materials, systems and part compatibility testing required to support qualification, certification and
Operations
Enable the transition to carbon-neutral will be 100% SAF compatible. implementation of SAF compatibility by 2030.
aerospace through investments • Developed jet reference fluids (JRFs) composed of the simple chemical compounds found in SAF. These JRFs will help standardize
and partnerships for fleet efficiency testing and evaluation of how SAF interacts with airplane materials and systems.
Communities
improvements, SAF and future • Build and certify our first zero-emission, elec- • Wisk became the first autonomous air mobility company to join the FAA’s voluntary Safety Management program.
platform technologies
tric, autonomous aircraft via Wisk joint venture. • Built trust with regulators with the public release of Wisk’s Concept of Operations (ConOps).
Reporting • Support the commercial aviation industry’s • Selected by NASA to lead the development and flight testing of a full-scale Transonic Truss-Braced Wing demonstrator airplane.
ambition to achieve net-zero carbon • Introduced the Boeing Cascade Climate Impact Model, or Cascade, a dynamic modeling tool that quantifies the power of aviation’s major
emissions for global civil aviation operations strategies to reduce emissions.
by 2050.
Community Engagement • Expand opportunities for more than 12.5 • Expanded opportunities for over 7 million youth, veterans, veteran’s families and underserved individuals across communities around the
Build better, more equitable communities million youth, veterans, veterans’ families world in 2022.
through corporate investments, employee and underserved individuals across • Read more about our Boeing 2023 Community Impact Portfolio.
engagement programs and advocacy efforts communities around the world.
1. The 2030 GHG reduction target is set with an operational boundary of The Boeing Company, and includes all Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

[Table 1 — Page 12]
Employee Safety & Well-Being Value human life and well-being above all else and take action accordingly; strive to prevent all workplace injuries | • Top quartile recordable injury rate (among sector benchmarked performance). | • We continue to strive to be in the top quartile of recordable injury rates among benchmarked peers. • In 2022, COVID-19-related impacts led to a 39% increase in recordable injury rate. When normalized for COVID-19 impacts we saw a 4% reduction in recordable injury rate, suggesting continued progress as COVID-19 subsides. • Read more about Workplace Safety on Pages 19-20.
----------------------------------------
| • ≥90% believe their manager supports their well-being. | •In 2022, 91% of employees reported that their manager supported their well-being. •Read more about Employee Well-Being on Pages 21-23.
Global Aerospace Safety Drive aerospace safety to prevent accidents, injury or loss of life with our Boeing culture and actions rooted in safety | • Drive aerospace safety via global aerospace safety initiatives to maintain downward trend of worldwide commercial jet fleet 10-year moving average fatal accident rate. | • Established a dedicated ombudsperson for FAA Organization Designation Authorization representatives. • Inducted a new real-time data and analytics platform called Boeing Safety Intelligence into our Safety Management System. • Introduced Boeing Virtual Procedures Trainer and Maintenance Synthetic Trainer for pilots and mechanics to provide experiential training and complement current training. • Delivered competency-based training and assessment (CBTA) courses to four commercial customers; Boeing Next-Generation 737, MAX and 787 CBTA training courses were approved by multiple regulatory agencies.
Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Address representation gaps and strengthen equity, diversity and inclusion so that all team members feel supported and inspired to reach their full potential | • Increase representation of women globally and underrepresented racial/ethnic minorities in the U.S. | • Increased women and U.S. racial/ethnic minority representation at Boeing at nearly every level of the company. • Tied inclusive hiring processes to incentive compensation: 92% of candidate interview slates for manager or director-level roles included at least one woman globally, or at least one woman or racial/ethnic minority in the U.S. Read more on Page 25. • Read more in our GEDI Report.
Sustainable Operations Maintain net-zero future for Boeing operations through conservation and renewable energy Partner with supply chain for responsible business practices | • Achieve 55% absolute reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG from 2017 base year.1 | • Achieved 16% absolute GHG reduction at year-end 2022 from 2017 base year toward 2030 goal (Scope 1 and 2).
| • Maintain net-zero emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2. | • Achieved net-zero at manufacturing and work sites, for a third year, by emphasizing and incentivizing employee conservation and increasing renewable electricity use while procuring verified offsets for the remaining GHG.
| • Achieve 100% renewable electricity. | • Achieved 35% renewable electricity in 2022 by purchasing renewable electricity and renewable energy credits.
| • Work with our suppliers to increase GHG reporting and proactively address risks driven by climate change-driven risks. | • Implemented supplier code of conduct aligned to ESG elements including climate change and environment priorities. • Launched supplier engagement via CDP Climate Change submissions to report emissions, assess reduction targets/progress and identify collaboration opportunities.
Innovation & Clean Tech Enable the transition to carbon-neutral aerospace through investments and partnerships for fleet efficiency improvements, SAF and future platform technologies | • Current and future commercial airplanes will be 100% SAF compatible. | • Established plan for all materials, systems and part compatibility testing required to support qualification, certification and implementation of SAF compatibility by 2030. • Developed jet reference fluids (JRFs) composed of the simple chemical compounds found in SAF. These JRFs will help standardize testing and evaluation of how SAF interacts with airplane materials and systems.
| • Build and certify our first zero-emission, elec- tric, autonomous aircraft via Wisk joint venture. | • Wisk became the first autonomous air mobility company to join the FAA’s voluntary Safety Management program. • Built trust with regulators with the public release of Wisk’s Concept of Operations (ConOps).
| • Support the commercial aviation industry’s ambition to achieve net-zero carbon emissions for global civil aviation operations by 2050. | • Selected by NASA to lead the development and flight testing of a full-scale Transonic Truss-Braced Wing demonstrator airplane. • Introduced the Boeing Cascade Climate Impact Model, or Cascade, a dynamic modeling tool that quantifies the power of aviation’s major strategies to reduce emissions.
Community Engagement Build better, more equitable communities through corporate investments, employee engagement programs and advocacy efforts | • Expand opportunities for more than 12.5 million youth, veterans, veterans’ families and underserved individuals across communities around the world. | • Expanded opportunities for over 7 million youth, veterans, veteran’s families and underserved individuals across communities around the world in 2022. • Read more about our Boeing 2023 Community Impact Portfolio.

Sustainability Report
Governance and Risk Management
Contents
Corporate and Sustainability Governance Risk Management
Introduction Oversight of Sustainability
The Board of Directors has extensive oversight of strategy With over 100 years at the forefront of innovation, Boeing has
development, company culture, political and charitable established processes to identify, assess, mitigate and manage
Approach & Governance contributions, corporate sustainability and key strategic, risk. It is the responsibility of the Board and senior management
operational and compliance risks. Please see our corporate to ensure that we avoid imprudent risks and mitigate the strategic,
Company Profile
governance materials for more information. technological, operational and compliance risks we face, all with
Board of Directors
Advancing Our
our core values of safety, quality, integrity and sustainability at the
Sustainability Journey Governance and Public Policy Committee Sustainability is rooted in Boeing’s values. The Board,
forefront. Our Board has significant climate change risk expertise
Oversees Boeing’s sustainability policies
and specifically the Governance and Public Policy (GPP)
Sustainability Goals and practices, including matters related to and management skills and experience, which is described further
environmental stewardship and climate change Committee, oversees a variety of sustainability topics and
in the Proxy Statement. Senior management is responsible for
Governance and
Boeing’s Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO), Chris Raymond,
Risk Management day-to-day management of risk, including the creation of
is an Executive Council member reporting to Boeing’s
appropriate risk management policies and procedures.
Enhancing a CEO. As CSO, Raymond reports the progress of Boeing’s
Sustainability Culture sustainability objectives and stakeholder-oriented reports Boeing has two overarching risk processes: Enterprise Risk
Chief Sustainability Officer
Ethical and Compliant Executive Council Member regularly to the GPP Committee and the full Board. The Management (ERM) and Compliance Risk Management (CRM).
Business Leads Global Enterprise Sustainability Board reviews and provides input on the sustainability report. All functions and business units participate in both ERM and
Responsible for enterprisewide sustainability CRM, including the Global Enterprise Sustainability organization.
strategy, focusing on priorities, stakeholder- Read the Governance and Public Policy
oriented reporting and company performance Global ERM and CRM risk assessments are completed annually
People Committee’s Charter.
to determine the most critical risks to Boeing.
Oversight of Political Activity
Boeing’s sustainability organization, informed by internal
Products & Services
Together, the Board, the GPP Committee and senior and external stakeholders and augmented by a digital tool,
Global Sustainability Council leadership are committed to aligning political activities determined the most relevant sustainability priorities to our
Operations and Extended Council with the company’s values, business strategies, long-term business. You can learn more about our 11 sustainability
Global leaders from across business units shareholder interests and long-term strategic imperatives. priorities on Page 11.
and functions provide leadership,
partnership and action to advance This includes regular discussions about the company’s
Communities objectives and strategy for sustainability public policy priorities; the company’s memberships in
Subcouncils and payments to trade associations and other tax-exempt
organizations; Boeing Political Action Committee (BPAC) To learn more about our lobbying and political activity governance, see:
Reporting
strategy and expenditures; and the company’s network
Policy Customers
• Boeing’s Oversight and Compliance Procedures for Political Activity
of compliance procedures related to these activities.
Finance and Sustainable • BPAC Contributions
Governance Operations
• 2022 Trade Association Memberships
Technology Sustainable
and Future Aviation
Mobility Fuel

Sustainability Report
Contents The results from the risk assessments and sustainability
priority assessment are compared for commonality, Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance Risk Management
and overlapping risks receive additional monitoring and
Introduction
management. For example, Innovation and Clean Tech Audit Committee
is a key priority for Boeing and our 2030 goal of 100%
Approach & Governance SAF-compatible current and future commercial airplanes The Audit Committee receives annual reports on Boeing’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
is a key component to the commercial aviation industry’s and Compliance Risk Management (CRM) processes and regular reporting on the company’s
Company Profile
climate goals. Within the ERM process, Boeing mitigates compliance and ethics programs from the Company’s Controller and Chief Compliance Officer (CCO).
Advancing Our and manages the key strategic risk to this priority and
Sustainability Journey goal — the ability to scale SAF supply to meet the demand Enterprise Risk Management Compliance Risk Management
Sustainability Goals needed to achieve the commercial aviation industry’s
net-zero ambitions. SAF as a drop in fuel is currently The full Board of Directors reviews enterprise risks The CRM process is overseen by the Compliance
Governance and
on a regular basis as well as conducts regular Risk Management Board (CRMB), chaired by Boeing’s
approved to be blended at 50/50 blend with Jet A and
Risk Management
reviews of our ethics and compliance programs. chief compliance officer. The CRMB includes senior
works with existing airplanes and offers the largest
Enhancing a ERM assesses strategic risks to the company and company leaders who provide oversight on Boeing’s
potential to reduce carbon emissions over the next 20
Sustainability Culture industry, including topics within the environmental, CRM process designed to identify, evaluate and
to 30 years in all aviation segments. Boeing’s intent is
social and governance elements of sustainability, prioritize the most significant compliance risks; assess
Ethical and Compliant to help catalyze SAF scaling through subject matter such as climate and policy change. mitigation strategies; and provide visibility to Boeing’s
Business expertise, investments in product compatibility work, CEO and Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
purchasing SAF for our own fuel use, and our partnerships
Annual Employee Training
and policy advocacy. As mentioned on Page 45, Boeing
People
continued to make key investments to scale SAF in 2022.
All employees, from senior leaders to entry-level, receive annual training on compliance
Within the sections of this report, we will continue to discuss risk areas tailored to their specific duties and responsibilities, such as U.S. Department
Products & Services
our governance, risk identification and management of our of Defense procurement rules, proper handling of sensitive information, safety training,
Seek, Speak & Listen Habits and anti-corruption.
key priorities.
Operations
Business Continuity Management
Boeing strengthens its resiliency through Business Boeing navigated challenges in 2022 that Tax Governance and Compliance
Communities
Continuity Management (BCM), managing and mitigating added to the company’s risk profile, including: We are committed to being a responsible
risks should a significant incident disrupt business • Social and political issues taxpayer wherever we operate. Our global Learn more about
Reporting operations. This entails five key preparedness programs: tax team is responsible for maintaining the Boeing’s approach to
• Organizational and structural challenges
Business, Emergency, Information Technology, Supply highest compliance standards, being global tax governance
Chain and Human Resources, working together to • Regulatory review of the 737 MAX transparent in our dealings with authorities and compliance.
facilitate company resiliency. The primary objective of BCM continues to identify risks and to and sustaining robust internal controls for
these preparedness functions is to develop and maintain implement strategies and processes to risk management. Boeing’s principled tax
guidelines, standards, processes and tools that enable mitigate those risks to our people, programs, approach is grounded in ethical business
business units and functions to mitigate risk and recover infrastructure, network and supply chain. practices and tax guidance that follows
14 critical programs, applications and suppliers. business substance.

[Table 1 — Page 14]
Learn more about Boeing’s approach to global tax governance and compliance. |
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Enhancing a Sustainability Culture
Contents
Annual Incentive Plans Reinforce Good Habits: Seek, Speak & Listen
Introduction Sustainability Goals
Teammates across the company continue Our Habits
Starting in 2022 and continuing into 2023, to build Seek, Speak & Listen habits, which
Approach & Governance Boeing enhanced its enterprise annual are fundamental to how we work together.
incentive design to incorporate climate These habits are foundational to our culture
Company Profile
and equity, diversity and inclusion metrics of integrity and inclusion, and they enable us
Advancing Our
into the Company Performance Score to improve — in safety, quality, production,
Sustainability Journey
formula, which determines payouts under performance and inclusion. Individual
Sustainability Goals the company’s largest employee incentive performance is also assessed using our
Seek Speak Listen
plans. These include the Performance-Based Seek, Speak & Listen habit framework.
Governance and
Risk Management Incentive Plan, the Employee Incentive Plan, Because awareness Because it’s the right Because listening
By embracing these simple habits, we make
the Management Incentive Plan, and the can teach us and help thing to do and every builds trust and leads
Enhancing a better decisions, drive innovation and build
Executive Annual Incentive Plan. us improve voice matters to better decisions
Sustainability Culture connection. We seek out the places where
Ethical and Compliant The climate metric is designed to things aren’t going well and where potential
Business incentivize and reward employee behavior issues could arise, so we can learn and
that reduces our energy consumption address issues before they become problems.
across the enterprise, and along with We get all perspectives on the table and ensure
People
equity, diversity and inclusion and our every team member feels safe to speak up.
other operational goals, accounts for 25% We listen to each other with humility and
of the overall Company Performance Score grace. This is a key part of our commitment
Products & Services
driving payouts under our incentive plans. to collective progress, lasting cultural change
Individual performance is also taken into and enhancing trust from within.
Operations account in determining individual employee
The habits are simple acts of caring so our
payouts under most of our incentive plans.
people can be their best at work and in life. We
Communities Learn more about Boeing’s 2022 company will continue to embed the habits into our daily
performance in our Proxy Statement. work, processes, systems and communications
to hold ourselves accountable.
Reporting
The Olathe Pollinator Prairie, near Kansas City, is an ecological habitat supported by Boeing. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Ethical and Co
Contents
Introduction
Boeing recognizes that the company’s
long-term interests are advanced
Approach & Governance
when employees are responsive to the
Company Profile
concerns of employees, customers,
Advancing Our public officials, investors, suppliers and
Sustainability Journey the communities we serve. This starts
Sustainability Goals with our Board who actively fosters a
corporate culture that puts safety,
Governance and
quality, integrity and sustainability
Risk Management
at the forefront of all that we do.
Enhancing a
Sustainability Culture Board members commit to, and use,
a Code of Ethics as guiding principles;
Ethical and Compliant
the Code emphasizes the importance
Business
of compliance with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations; maintaining
People confidentiality; avoiding any conflicts
of interest; and reporting of illegal
or unethical behavior.
Products & Services
The Audit Committee and the full Board
oversee our compliance and ethics
Operations
programs through close collaboration
with Boeing’s Chief Compliance Officer
Communities and periodic reviews of program
metrics. These touch points provide
visibility to the Board of significant
Reporting compliance and ethics risks, as well
as specific cases that are identified
through the company’s various
reporting channels.
Learn more about our Ethics and
Compliance Program.

ompliant Business
The Boeing Code of Conduct Understanding Ethical Concerns: 2022 Data1
At Boeing, our first commitment is to the people and
2,405 47%
customers who rely on our products and services to protect,
inquiries2
connect and explore our world and beyond. Each Boeing
employee has a personal responsibility to honor that promise of investigated
and to serve as stewards of Boeing’s legacy of aerospace 2,120 conflict of interest requests were
substantiated4
excellence and innovation. New employees sign the Code of determinations
Conduct and complete Recommitment training when they
3,132
join the company — and we all reaffirm this commitment investigative
every year. Learn more about our Code of Conduct and requests3 2,507
Recommitment.
Our annual Code of Conduct signing and Recommitment 7,657
total contacts to Ethics of investigative requests
remind all of our employees of their obligation to speak up had enough information
and Business Conduct
and be a voice for others when something does not align to investigate
with our values.
1. Data reflects the reporting period of November 2021 through October 2022.
Robust Anti-Corruption Program
2. Inquiries comprise Requests for Guidance and Information Requests. Requests for Guidance are
situations where employees are seeking guidance when facing ethical dilemmas or when they need
Integrity is a core company value and Boeing strictly forbids
assistance in understanding company policies or expected behaviors. Information Requests are
bribery and corruption of any kind. Boeing’s robust anti- situations where employees are seeking general information. Both demonstrate awareness of
Boeing’s Compliance and Ethics program, but Requests for Guidance are viewed as the most
corruption program includes extensive controls, rigorous
positive types of contact.
policies and procedures, and an annual risk assessment to 3. Investigated matters are considered unsubstantiated when investigation findings demonstrate that
ensure effectiveness and identify potential enhancement no misconduct occurred or where there is a lack of evidence to support a finding of misconduct.
4. Ongoing evaluations demonstrate that Boeing’s substantiation rate is slightly higher than other
opportunities. Learn more about our anti-corruption program.
published benchmarks, indicating an effective investigation process and informed reporting by
company employees.
Boeing publishes an internal policy that explains its anticorruption and anti-bribery requirements and expectations
for employees, while making its guidelines for ethical
Contacting Ethics
business conduct publicly available to employees and other
stakeholders. The company also makes employees aware
Boeing encourages employees, subsidiaries, suppliers and external
of their federally protected whistleblower rights, which
stakeholders to promptly raise concerns about safety, quality or
are designed to protect employees against retaliation for
potential violations of the law or Boeing policies. For more information,
reporting potential wrongdoing by a U.S. contractor
visit our Boeing Ethics website.
or subcontractor.

[Table 1 — Page 16]
| Boeing recognizes that the company’s long-term interests are advanced when employees are responsive to the concerns of employees, customers, public officials, investors, suppliers and the communities we serve. This starts with our Board who actively fosters a corporate culture that puts safety, quality, integrity and sustainability at the forefront of all that we do. Board members commit to, and use, a Code of Ethics as guiding principles; the Code emphasizes the importance of compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations; maintaining confidentiality; avoiding any conflicts of interest; and reporting of illegal or unethical behavior. The Audit Committee and the full Board oversee our compliance and ethics programs through close collaboration with Boeing’s Chief Compliance Officer and periodic reviews of program metrics. These touch points provide visibility to the Board of significant compliance and ethics risks, as well as specific cases that are identified through the company’s various reporting channels. Learn more about our Ethics and Compliance Program.
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 2 — Page 16]
Contacting Ethics Boeing encourages employees, subsidiaries, suppliers and external stakeholders to promptly raise concerns about safety, quality or potential violations of the law or Boeing policies. For more information, visit our Boeing Ethics website. |
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Commitments and Actions
on Human Rights
Introduction Boeing is committed to
responsible business practices and
promoting positive change while
Approach & Governance simultaneously creating value for
Company Profile our customers, shareholders and
other stakeholders. In recognition
Advancing Our
of this commitment, the company
Sustainability Journey
has developed policies and
Sustainability Goals practices designed to enforce
Governance and our Code of Basic Working
Risk Management Conditions and Human Rights.
Learn more about our approach
Enhancing a
Sustainability Culture to human rights.
Ethical and Compliant Through our Supplier Code
Business of Conduct, we establish
foundational expectations of
prospective and active suppliers,
People
including adherence to human
rights standards.
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting

Strengthening compliance engagement through localized support
In 2022, Boeing continued to make tangible improvements meetings, new employee outreach, and manager trainings
to its compliance program and meaningful progress toward to answer questions, provide guidance, and help address
strengthening its culture of compliance and safety at compliance and ethics concerns.
locations around the globe. The company deployed two
The Ethics Ambassador Program, originally piloted in 2021,
localized teams — the Site Compliance and Ethics Officers
is currently deployed at sites including North Charleston,
(SCEOs) and the Ethics Ambassadors — both of which are
South Carolina; Mesa, Arizona; Michoud Assembly Facility
embedded within the business and serve as amplifiers for
in New Orleans; San Antonio; and St. Louis. Ambassadors
the company’s compliance and ethics efforts, resulting in
are emerging leaders embedded within the business who
thousands of engagements with employees.
extend the reach of the company’s compliance program by
The SCEOs are physically deployed at 22 locations around fostering a culture of compliance and integrity by amplifying
the globe, leading localized and targeted compliance our values, listening to teammate concerns and encouraging
activities. SCEOs partner with company leaders, leveraging them to speak up. Ambassadors also work with their
site-specific data to proactively address risks and foster a designated SCEO to promptly elevate local risks and issues
speak-up culture. SCEOs also serve as an on-site resource to site leadership.
for employees, engaging through floor walks and team
Mesa Ethics Ambassadors: SCEO Larry Thompson (left) joins Mesa Ethics Ambassadors, employees and community members to help
assemble 1,200 meal packages for local families as part of a volunteer event for United Food Bank in Mesa. Thompson along with SCEOs
across the Boeing enterprise work each day to positively influence our workplaces and communities. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Workplace Safety
Employee Well-Being
Global Equity, Diversity
and Inclusion
Professional Development,
Education and Learning
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Reginald Douglas at St. Louis paint shop. (Boeing photo)

P E O P L E
Healthy and Empowered

Sustainability Report
Workplace S
Contents
Introduction
Boeing knows that operating to
keep ourselves and our teammates
Approach & Governance
safe in the workplace is everyone’s
responsibility. Safety is central to
People everything we do for ourselves,
those we care about and our
Workplace Safety
communities. The Safety Guiding
Employee Well-Being
Principles provide a framework to
Global Equity, Diversity achieve the goal of zero workplace
and Inclusion injuries so every person who works
Professional Development, at, or visits, a Boeing site leaves as
Education and Learning safe and healthy as when they
arrived. Boeing’s workplace safety
program, Go for Zero – One Day at
Products & Services
a Time, takes a holistic approach
to worker safety, striving for a goal
of zero injuries, which is
Operations
underpinned by the belief that
every injury is preventable.
Communities
Our occupational health and safety
management system is modeled
Reporting after the International Organization
for Standardization (ISO) 45001.
As of 2022, four sites are certified
to ISO 45001 with multiple sites
conforming to ISO 45001 in
support of our business objectives.

Safety
Celebrating 10 years
of Go for Zero
Go for Zero was introduced to help increase
safety in our workplaces. Today, we take a
look at how our company has performed in
workplace safety since 2013.
Michael Dreyer is a Quality systems
Alexa Callanan and Michael Douangdara at specialist, based at London’s
Renton factory in Washington. (Boeing photo) Gatwick Airport. (Boeing photo)
Continuous improvement
The goal of zero injuries IS possible
26% 39%
decrease decrease
in serious injuries in recordable injuries
(since 2015) (since 2013)
31% 71%
increase decrease
in lost workday cases in ergonomic injuries
(since 2013) (since 2013)
787 chief mechanic Kevin Landy inspects a forward
pressure bulkhead join surface. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 19]
| Boeing knows that operating to keep ourselves and our teammates safe in the workplace is everyone’s responsibility. Safety is central to everything we do for ourselves, those we care about and our communities. The Safety Guiding Principles provide a framework to achieve the goal of zero workplace injuries so every person who works at, or visits, a Boeing site leaves as safe and healthy as when they arrived. Boeing’s workplace safety program, Go for Zero – One Day at a Time, takes a holistic approach to worker safety, striving for a goal of zero injuries, which is underpinned by the belief that every injury is preventable. Our occupational health and safety management system is modeled after the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 45001. As of 2022, four sites are certified to ISO 45001 with multiple sites conforming to ISO 45001 in support of our business objectives.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Boeing’s Lifesaving Rules
Safety is a core value at Boeing. Some operations performed at Boeing are recognized
Introduction
as High Hazard Processes due to their potential for a serious injury or fatality. Lifesaving
Rules go beyond regulatory requirements and are intended to reduce or eliminate
Approach & Governance the risks created when around or performing these processes and prevent life-critical
incidents by increasing accountability for following safety policies and procedures.
People
Workplace Safety
Employee Well-Being
Global Equity, Diversity Pedestrian/Vehicle Chemical Processing
and Inclusion
Follow safe driving Control sources of hazardous
Professional Development,
and walking rules. chemical exposure.
Education and Learning
Products & Services
Operations Crane Operations Machine Operations Aircraft Towing
Plan lifting operations Operate machines Keep myself and others
Communities and control the safely. safe during aircraft
load path. towing operations.
Reporting
Hazardous Energy Working at Heights
Verify control of hazardous Protect against falls and
energy or a zero-energy dropped objects while
state before work begins. working at heights.

2022 Workplace Safety
by the Numbers:
44:1
Near Miss to Hazard1
98%
Found/Fixed Metric2
Travis Sinclair at Renton factory in Washington. (Boeing photo)
1,096
Health and Safety Training
Courses Available
1.2
Lost Workday3
(includes COVID-19 cases)
1. Represents global data.
Mark Grenlund at Renton factory in Washington. (Boeing photo) 2. Represents global data.
3. Represents U.S., Canada,
Australia and UK data.

[Table 1 — Page 20]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Workplace Safety Employee Well-Being Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Professional Development, Education and Learning Products & Services Operations Communities Reporting | Boeing’s Lifesaving Rules Safety is a core value at Boeing. Some operations performed at Boeing are recognized as High Hazard Processes due to their potential for a serious injury or fatality. Lifesaving Rules go beyond regulatory requirements and are intended to reduce or eliminate the risks created when around or performing these processes and prevent life-critical incidents by increasing accountability for following safety policies and procedures. Pedestrian/Vehicle Chemical Processing Follow safe driving Control sources of hazardous Travis Sinclair at Renton factory in Washington. (Boeing photo) and walking rules. chemical exposure. Crane Operations Machine Operations Aircraft Towing Plan lifting operations Operate machines Keep myself and others and control the safely. safe during aircraft load path. towing operations. Hazardous Energy Working at Heights Verify control of hazardous Protect against falls and energy or a zero-energy dropped objects while state before work begins. working at heights. Mark Grenlund at Renton factory in Washington. (Boeing photo) |
----------------------------------------
| | Mark Grenlund at Renton factory in Washington. (Boeing photo)

[Table 2 — Page 20]

----------------------------------------


Sustainability Report
Employee We
Contents
Introduction
Boeing takes a holistic approach to
employee safety and overall well-being,
Approach & Governance
including physical, financial and mental
health components at work and at
People home. We value human life and
well-being above all else and take
Workplace Safety
action to improve many aspects of an
Employee Well-Being
employee’s life. Read more information
Global Equity, Diversity about our benefits.
and Inclusion
Professional Development,
Education and Learning
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Pamela Pulla, engineer, Flight Crew
Operations. (Stephanie Su photo)

ell-Being
Boeing continues to demonstrate strong • Pain: Contributing factors and getting
support: The science of pain, factors
commitment to employee well-being
affecting the experience, and how exercise
therapy can help improve overall health and
Why it matters: Boeing has increasingly • Loss and grief: The stages of grief, myths well-being.
put a spotlight on the importance of striving and facts, symptoms, coping mechanisms,
• Diabetes 101: How to lower your risk
to achieve and maintain good physical and self-care, the difference between grief
or manage your diagnoses with small,
mental health. and depression, and when to contact a
impactful changes.
grief counselor.
The Topic and Numbers • Women’s health through life stages:
• The gut-brain connection: The microbiome
Boeing is committed to employees’ well-being Factors related to women’s health during
and why we might care about the
and believes that providing ongoing education each life stage decade (e.g., 20s, 30s, 40s),
microbiome’s effect on health.
about well-being topics is an important including health conditions, preventive care
complement to the company’s health benefits. • How to find a therapist: Common and programs for support.
The company offered engaging content to a terminology used in the mental health field,
• Health and well-being for Black
diverse breadth of employees throughout 2022. including types of mental health providers
employees: Discussed health conditions
and types of therapy; insurance navigation
We hosted more than 60 well-being-related that are prevalent among African
tips; how to find the right fit, including
webinars, with 20,000+ employees Americans, as well as behavioral health,
questions to ask yourself and potential
participating. Some of the webinar prevention and management programs.
providers.
topics included:
• Latinx health: Focused on the physical and
• Staying emotionally happy and healthy:
mental health disparities, as well as disease
• Finding balance: How to balance demands Practical tips to find joy, inner peace and
risk factors, chronic diseases, preventive
on time and feel fulfilled when managing fun by prioritizing what is important in your
care and health care access resources in
work and life becomes challenging. life and setting boundaries.
the Latinx community.
• Sleep and emotional well-being: • Fertility wellness: The best time to start
• LGBTQIA+ inclusion in health care:
Why sleep is an important component of seeing an infertility specialist, how to walk
Barriers and inequalities that are
emotional wellness and how to improve through the journey feeling supported
experienced within the community, how
sleeping habits to optimize health emotionally and available benefits.
the cycle is being broken, and benefits
and productivity.
• Managing trauma and intense emotions: and resources available.
• Family nutrition and the farmers market: The relationship between trauma, fear and
What’s next: Boeing will continue to
Fruits’ and vegetables’ peak growing anxiety and the tools for managing the
provide educational resources to empower
seasons, how to pick them and store after range of intense emotions that may be
employees to make informed decisions about
purchase, and tips to help children with fear experienced after distressing events.
their physical and emotional well-being and
of new/unfamiliar food.
understand the many benefits and resources
that are available to them.

[Table 1 — Page 21]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Workplace Safety Employee Well-Being Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Professional Development, Education and Learning Products & Services Operations Communities Reporting 21 | |
----------------------------------------
| | Pamela Pulla, engineer, Flight Crew Operations. (Stephanie Su photo)

[Table 2 — Page 21]
| Boeing takes a holistic approach to employee safety and overall well-being, including physical, financial and mental health components at work and at home. We value human life and well-being above all else and take action to improve many aspects of an employee’s life. Read more information about our benefits.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Workplace Safety
Employee Well-Being
Global Equity, Diversity
and Inclusion
Professional Development,
Education and Learning
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Grzegorz Stanny, a manager from Boeing Gdan ́sk, and Kseniia Karpechenko, a
colleague from Ukraine, who relocated to Gdan ́sk. Stanny drove Karpechenko
22 and her daughter to Gdan ́sk at the beginning of the war when she fled from
Ukraine. (Boeing photo)

Boeing stands with “ It is incredible to witness the team spirit
our Ukraine team of our colleagues in Ukraine. We admire our
local colleagues for facing all challenges
When the war in Ukraine started, Boeing
upfront. Our role is to provide them with
immediately informed its employees in
Ukraine that they did not have to work and everything necessary to continue their
should make their safety a first priority.
fantastic engagement with a laser focus
Despite the challenging situation, the Ukraine
team continued to work and grow during the on safety and care.”
war. Boeing is supporting the local team with
Suzanne Purdum, senior director, Human Resources,
everything needed to stay safe and online.
Europe, Israel & Ukraine
A unified effort by Boeing and the
initiative of individual employees kept the
Ukraine team safe. Employees from Poland
welcomed colleagues and other people who
crossed the border to seek shelter in their
neighboring country. The company provided
housing opportunities for them in Poland
and gave the team members who stayed in
Ukraine financial means and the necessary
IT equipment to work safely from home.
It comes down to this: Supporting
Ukraine is a priority for Boeing and its
employees. In addition to the support of the
Boeing team, the company has committed
$2 million to support Ukraine relief efforts.
Boeing employees, with a boost from the
Boeing Gift Match program, donated more
than $1 million.
Video: Learn more about how our
Boeing Poland team supported
our Ukraine employees. Things are looking up: Boeing Ukraine employees who relocated to
Gdan ́sk, Poland, include: Boeing employees Lilit Khumarian, Olha
Avdieienko, Yaroslav Kontsur and Anna Rudenko. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Contents Boeing Employee Assistance
Program provides help
Introduction
in times of need
Approach & Governance
Why it matters: “Some Boeing employees, like individuals
in many communities, were impacted by tragic events and
People natural disasters — whether directly or indirectly,” said Andrea “ The Boeing EAP was available
Landsman, manager, Boeing Employee Assistance Program
Workplace Safety 24/7 worldwide to provide
(EAP). Boeing offers an EAP to provide support to employees
Employee Well-Being and eligible family members navigating difficult life events. counseling and other resources
Global Equity, Diversity for our employees, some of
A few examples of how the EAP
and Inclusion
helped employees: whom were faced with very
Professional Development,
• Conflict Zones: In addition to providing emotional support
Education and Learning challenging circumstances.”
to leaders, managers and employees during the war in
Ukraine, the EAP offered local employees and their families Andrea Landsman, manager, Boeing EAP
Products & Services help with locating emergency resources and information. In
March, Boeing extended EAP services to European-based
subsidiaries and contract workers to help them cope with
Operations
the crisis.
• Pandemic Relief: To assist employees in China
Communities
impacted by strict COVID-19-related travel restrictions
and lockdowns, EAP provided virtual group support for
employee work groups in both Mandarin and English.
Reporting
Andrea Landsman, manager, Boeing EAP
• Trauma Care: Following the Robb Elementary School
shooting in Uvalde, Texas, in May and the Highland Park
shooting near Chicago in July, counselors were available to
support employees and provide information about the EAP. • Suicide Prevention: EAP coordinated with the Boeing Our final thought: The Boeing EAP provides support
Veteran Engagement Team (BVET) employee resource group to employees and eligible family members at no cost.
• Natural Disasters: The EAP prepared resources to support
to offer suicide prevention webinars to their membership. Professional EAP counselors can provide help with navigating
multiple natural disasters occurring in the U.S., including
life events, stress management, work-life challenges, grief
employees affected by Hurricane Ian in September. • Mental Health Screenings: All employees were
and loss, substance abuse and more.
encouraged to complete online anxiety and depression
• Stress Relief: To relieve stress and promote emotional
screenings to help assess their risks and learn about
well-being, the EAP conducted 597 Mindfulness Meditation
getting help if they needed it.
23 sessions with more than 3,100 participants.

[Table 1 — Page 23]
“ The Boeing EAP was available 24/7 worldwide to provide counseling and other resources for our employees, some of whom were faced with very challenging circumstances.” Andrea Landsman, manager, Boeing EAP |
----------------------------------------
|

Sustainability Report
Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion
Contents
Introduction
Equity, diversity and inclusion are foundational values at building an environment in which each teammate has a voice
Boeing and key drivers of business outcomes. Each member and feels inspired to achieve their full potential. Transparency
Approach & Governance of our global team brings a unique perspective, and we grow is the foundation of this commitment, and we have been
Read more about Boeing’s Global Equity,
stronger when everyone has an opportunity to contribute. sharing our progress each year in our Global Equity, Diversity
Diversity & Inclusion efforts in our 2023 report.
We are committed to the necessary and challenging work of & Inclusion Report and our EEO-1 Report.
People
Workplace Safety
Employee Well-Being Gender1 Race and Ethnicity3 pt change from U.S. Disability4
previous year
Global Equity, Diversity U.S. Overall International2 Overall U.S. Overall Self-ID Self-ID as having
and Inclusion participation rate a disability
40% 7.7%
Professional Development,
Education and Learning
23.8% 24.7% 35.3% U.S. Veterans5
Products & Services
14.6%
Women Women Racial and Ethnic
Minorities
Operations
U.S. LGBTQIA+6
Communities Gender identity self-ID Sexual orientation self0.6pt 0.1pt 2.6pt
participation rate ID participation rate
14% 12%
23.8% Women 24.7% Women 64.2% White 2.6% 2 or More Races
Reporting
75.7% Men 71.9% Men 15.9% Asian 0.8% Native American
6. L GBTQIA+ is a term that includes people of all genders
0.5% Undisclosed 3.4% Undisclosed 8.1% Hispanic/Latino/a/x 0.7% Pacific Islander and sexualities, such as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender,
questioning, queer, intersex, asexual, pansexual and all
7.1% Black
others. Gender identity and sexual orientation data reflects
View all Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion data. Unless otherwise indicated, data presented are snapshots taken in December 2022. the U.S. workforce only based on voluntary, confidential selfidentification. Data related to gender identity and sexual ori1. All data on gender is collected globally. Numbers for gender may not total 100% due to team members who identify as nonbinary or who choose not to disclose.
entation are not shared with the government, unlike gender
2. International indicates team members outside the U.S. and race/ethnicity data, which Boeing is required to submit
3. Race and ethnicity data reflects the U.S. workforce only. Numbers may not total 100% due to inclusion of people who choose not to disclose or due to rounding. Racial and to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for U.S.
ethnic minority representation includes Asian, Black, Hispanic/Latino/a/x, Native American, Pacific Islander and Two or More Races as defined by the U.S. Equal Employment employees. The gender identity options include female,
Opportunity Commission. male, nonbinary, not listed, prefer not to answer, transgender
4. A disability is defined as a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity or a history or record of such an impairment female and transgender male. Gender identity and sexual
or medical condition. orientation participation rates are reported as of March 1,
5. Veteran data reflects the U.S. workforce only based on voluntary, confidential self-identification. A veteran is defined as a person who served in the active military, naval or air 2023. We will continue our efforts to educate and encourage
24 service and who was discharged or released therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable. all team members to self-identify and expand self-ID options
outside the U.S. where it is safe and lawful to do so.

[Table 1 — Page 24]
| | | |
----------------------------------------
| | Equity, diversity and inclusion are foundational values at building an environment in which each teammate has a voice Boeing and key drivers of business outcomes. Each member and feels inspired to achieve their full potential. Transparency of our global team brings a unique perspective, and we grow is the foundation of this commitment, and we have been stronger when everyone has an opportunity to contribute. sharing our progress each year in our Global Equity, Diversity We are committed to the necessary and challenging work of & Inclusion Report and our EEO-1 Report. | Read more about Boeing’s Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion efforts in our 2023 report. |

Sustainability Report
Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report reflects Boeing’s journey
Contents
Boeing recently released its third annual Global Equity, directors and executives — and increased racial and ethnic We reformed our Racial Equity Steering Team (newly named
Diversity & Inclusion (GEDI) report, which shared representation in the U.S. at junior and senior levels. We also Equity & Inclusion Council) to include Executive Council
Introduction
demographics data, progress toward the company’s six saw increased rates of participation in our self-identification champions and representatives from each of our nine Business
2025 aspirations, and stories from across the enterprise process, which encourages employees to confidentially share Resource Groups, which increased transparency and access
Approach & Governance and around the world about policies, teams and individuals their disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity and to senior leadership. We also made progress on our six
who are making a difference. The report is an invitation to all veteran status. specific 2025 aspirations we announced and continue to
prospective and current employees, suppliers, customers report against.
People Key Highlights Included:
and community partners to join us on our journey toward
As we look forward to 2023 and beyond, we are energized
Workplace Safety becoming a more equitable and inclusive company. In 2022, Boeing tied inclusive hiring processes to its incentive
by the progress we’ve made and are committed to continuing
Employee Well-Being Boeing has roughly 156,000 employees representing 47 compensation: 92% of candidate interview slates in 2022 for the hard work because it is necessary not just for our
manager or director-level roles included at least one woman
Global Equity, Diversity nationalities in 65 countries. In 2022 we hired more than business success but also for the sustainability of aerospace
globally, or at least one woman or racial/ethnic minority in
and Inclusion 23,000 new teammates, resulting in an increase in female and our communities.
the U.S., showing that specific, measurable and financially
representation across virtually all job levels — production
Professional Development, relevant accountability has an affect on incentivizing the right
Education and Learning and maintenance, individual contributors, managers,
behaviors that naturally lead to more diverse outcomes.
Products & Services Samuel Atilabachew, Commercial Airplanes, Renton. Duaa Alshareef, Human Resources, Saudi Arabia. (Boeing photos)
Operations
Pay equity summary
Communities
We foster a diverse, collaborative and inclusive environment
that empowers employees to do their best. Equal pay for
Reporting
equal work is a foundational element of our approach. We
hold ourselves accountable to equal pay for equal work by
conducting regular compensation reviews to ensure that
employees are compensated equitably throughout their
careers — independent of race, gender or ethnicity. It’s the
right thing to do and makes us a better, more inclusive and
higher-performing company. We’re committed to continuing
and expanding our analysis globally and doing the work to
ensure pay equity at the time of hire and throughout every
employee’s career.

[Table 1 — Page 25]

----------------------------------------
Pay equity summary We foster a diverse, collaborative and inclusive environment that empowers employees to do their best. Equal pay for equal work is a foundational element of our approach. We hold ourselves accountable to equal pay for equal work by conducting regular compensation reviews to ensure that employees are compensated equitably throughout their careers — independent of race, gender or ethnicity. It’s the right thing to do and makes us a better, more inclusive and higher-performing company. We’re committed to continuing and expanding our analysis globally and doing the work to ensure pay equity at the time of hire and throughout every employee’s career.

Sustainability Report
Profession
Contents
Introduction
Boeing is dedicated to
growing and developing a
Approach & Governance
diverse pipeline of aerospace
talent at all levels. Our
People professional development
programs provide education
Workplace Safety
and training opportunities
Employee Well-Being
for current and future
Global Equity, Diversity employees. We want our
and Inclusion people to think about
Professional Development, working at Boeing as a
Education and Learning lifetime endeavor — full of
opportunities to achieve their
personal and professional
Products & Services
goals. We understand that
by supporting our team
Operations today, we build a
successful tomorrow.
Read more about the
Communities
learning and professional
development opportunities
Reporting we offer our employees here.

nal Development, Education and Learning
Growing with Boeing:
Learning to build a great career
In 2022, we launched Learn@Boeing, a new digital learning
resource that makes it easier for teammates to find learning
content aligned to business goals. Learn@Boeing was
leveraged by 77,000 teammates to develop knowledge and
skills for their current role or to prepare for a future role.
See more of the ways we invest in our employees’ learning
and development to help them foster new skills, boost
performance and build a great career at Boeing.
Boeing employees in St. Louis at the Cortex, an innovation community.
(Boeing photo)
5M 2M 77,000
trainings hours of production learners
completed training delivered leveraged a new learning resource
to build knowledge and skills
5,000
4,300
coaching sessions to develop leaders developed
managers and executives globally through programs and courses
450,000 10,000
certifications employees received tuition
and skill trainings completed assistance for degree and nondegree programs

[Table 1 — Page 26]
| Boeing is dedicated to growing and developing a diverse pipeline of aerospace talent at all levels. Our professional development programs provide education and training opportunities for current and future employees. We want our people to think about working at Boeing as a lifetime endeavor — full of opportunities to achieve their personal and professional goals. We understand that by supporting our team today, we build a successful tomorrow. Read more about the learning and professional development opportunities we offer our employees here.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and
Clean Technology
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Communities
Reporting
ecoDemonstrator, Boeing’s sustainability test bed. (Boeing photo)

P R O D U C T S &
S E R V I C E S
Safe and Sustainable

Sustainability Report
Global
Contents
Aerospace Safety
Introduction
Approach & Governance
Safety is a fundamental value. We take seriously the
People responsibility to ensure those who operate, fly on and
service our products are safe.
Our Board of Directors oversees global aerospace safety
Products & Services
through a dedicated subcommittee of the board, the
Global Aerospace Safety
Aerospace Safety Committee, to which our chief aerospace
Sustainable Product safety officer provides regular updates. More information
Life Cycle about the subcommittee’s oversight can be found in our
Innovation and Chief Aerospace Safety Officer Report.
Clean Technology
In 2020, Boeing began implementing its enterprise Safety
Fleet Renewal Management System, or SMS. As an integrated framework
Operational Efficiency for managing safety risks throughout the product and service
life cycle, SMS incorporates data from employee reporting,
Renewable Energy
production, compliance, quality and safety processes. This
Advanced Technology provides line of sight to risks, incidents and identified hazards
to enable proactive mitigation of issues and to continuously
Partnerships
improve safety performance. Ultimately, SMS brings the
right data into the right forums with the right people to
Operations make data-driven, risk-based decisions that result in safer
products. It is a journey of continuous improvement informed
by existing data and ongoing development of increasingly
Communities
better safety analytics.
Learn more about our progress in the Chief Aerospace
Reporting
Safety Officer Report.

Boeing’s safety journey:
Every step is purposeful
The big picture: The safety of our products
starts with our culture and is supported by
technology and training. Advancements in both
areas have led to progress in our safety journey.
Why culture is first: When more teammates
feel comfortable speaking up about safety issues
Read more about our safety journey in the Boeing
and ideas — and more leaders listen — we will
Chief Aerospace Safety Officer Report, including
have safer products. Our Speak Up program
how we’re working with industry to strengthen
is the fuel for our enterprise SMS that helps
aviation safety and created a new Safety Experience
manage safety risks throughout the product and
website — a resource intended for employees to
services life cycle. Through efforts in the past year:
better understand their role in Boeing’s safety culture.
• Submissions to our Speak Up reporting
channel doubled from 2021 to 2022 — a sign
of progress toward a healthy reporting culture.
• Inducted a new real-time data and analytics platform
• We trained more than 130,000 of our called Boeing Safety Intelligence into our SMS.
teammates on SMS, safety culture and why
• Delivered competency-based training and assessment
it matters.
(CBTA) courses to four commercial customers.
• We established a dedicated ombudsperson for Additionally, Boeing Next-Generation 737, 737 MAX
FAA Organization Designation Authorization and 787 CBTA courses were approved by multiple
representatives to support their independence regulatory agencies.
and transparency (see Page 29).
Why it matters: “Over the next few years, we’re going
How technology and training help: to see the maturity of our SMS, increased collaboration
Alongside culture improvements, advancements with our customers to get ahead of safety risks and
in technology are helping us identify safety deployment of our Safety Experience tool for increasing
hazards and risks through data, and are helping transparency and learning throughout the organization,”
customers. Last year, we: said Mike Delaney, Boeing chief aerospace safety officer.
“Every step is purposeful to make our products safer.
• Introduced the Boeing Virtual Procedures
These efforts and more have laid both the cultural and
Trainer and Maintenance Synthetic Trainer for
structural foundation for our safety journey. It’s up to us
pilots and mechanics to provide experiential
to keep that foundation strong and build on it.”
training and complement current training.

[Table 1 — Page 28]
| Safety is a fundamental value. We take seriously the responsibility to ensure those who operate, fly on and service our products are safe. Our Board of Directors oversees global aerospace safety through a dedicated subcommittee of the board, the Aerospace Safety Committee, to which our chief aerospace safety officer provides regular updates. More information about the subcommittee’s oversight can be found in our Chief Aerospace Safety Officer Report. In 2020, Boeing began implementing its enterprise Safety Management System, or SMS. As an integrated framework for managing safety risks throughout the product and service life cycle, SMS incorporates data from employee reporting, production, compliance, quality and safety processes. This provides line of sight to risks, incidents and identified hazards to enable proactive mitigation of issues and to continuously improve safety performance. Ultimately, SMS brings the right data into the right forums with the right people to make data-driven, risk-based decisions that result in safer products. It is a journey of continuous improvement informed by existing data and ongoing development of increasingly better safety analytics. Learn more about our progress in the Chief Aerospace Safety Officer Report.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Ombudsperson
empowers regulatory
Introduction
representatives
Approach & Governance
Dedicated focus: In June 2022, Boeing
established a dedicated ombudsperson for
“ Boeing is working to ensure the
Boeing employees who work on behalf of the
People
U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). These ODA program operates with the
employees — known as Organization Designation
independence needed to fulfill all our
Products & Services Authorization (ODA) representatives — serve a
critical role in the design certification and FAA requirements. The appointment
Global Aerospace Safety
conformance of aircraft.
Sustainable Product of a dedicated ombudsperson
Life Cycle ODA Ombudsperson Mark Fava, a lawyer
strengthens Boeing’s commitment
with more than 35 years of aviation experience,
Innovation and
Clean Technology serves as a neutral, independent third party to foster an environment where
to advise and assist ODA representatives.
ODA representatives carry out
Fleet Renewal
He supports them on work-related concerns
Operational Efficiency relevant to their delegated authority and related their duties independently and
Renewable Energy matters, including those associated with without interference.”
independence and transparency, without fear
Advanced Technology
of retaliation or reprisal. Mark Fava, ODA Ombudsperson
Partnerships
Why it matters: The strength of the Boeing
safety system is rooted in a transparent and
Operations open culture, one that gives all team members
multiple ways to speak up when they have
concerns. Boeing works every day to be trusted
Communities
with the responsibility of holding an ODA,
and the establishment of an ombudsperson
Reporting demonstrates the company’s commitment
to strengthening its safety culture.

Mark Fava, ODA Ombudsperson

[Table 1 — Page 29]
overnance ervices ace Safety oduct ogy l fficiency nergy chnology | Ombudsperson empowers regulatory representatives Dedicated focus: In June 2022, Boeing established a dedicated ombudsperson for “ Boeing is working to ensure the Boeing employees who work on behalf of the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). These ODA program operates with the employees — known as Organization Designation independence needed to fulfill all our Authorization (ODA) representatives — serve a critical role in the design certification and FAA requirements. The appointment conformance of aircraft. of a dedicated ombudsperson ODA Ombudsperson Mark Fava, a lawyer strengthens Boeing’s commitment with more than 35 years of aviation experience, serves as a neutral, independent third party to foster an environment where to advise and assist ODA representatives. ODA representatives carry out He supports them on work-related concerns their duties independently and relevant to their delegated authority and related matters, including those associated with without interference.” independence and transparency, without fear of retaliation or reprisal. Mark Fava, ODA Ombudsperson Why it matters: The strength of the Boeing safety system is rooted in a transparent and open culture, one that gives all team members multiple ways to speak up when they have concerns. Boeing works every day to be trusted with the responsibility of holding an ODA, and the establishment of an ombudsperson demonstrates the company’s commitment Mark Fava, ODA Ombudsperson to strengthening its safety culture.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 29]
| “ Boeing is working to ensure the ODA program operates with the independence needed to fulfill all our FAA requirements. The appointment of a dedicated ombudsperson strengthens Boeing’s commitment to foster an environment where ODA representatives carry out their duties independently and without interference.” Mark Fava, ODA Ombudsperson
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product Christin Datz, Hugh Wong and Helen Lee.
Life Cycle
Innovation and
Clean Technology Engineering excellence, • Datz is an expert on life cycle assessment tools and their
application to Boeing’s design processes, providing critical
Fleet Renewal technically speaking
proof points about how we use sustainability principles in
Operational Efficiency our product development and design.
Boeing Technical Fellows are shaping the future of Boeing
Renewable Energy
• Wong is a technical expert in conceptual commercial
and aerospace.
Advanced Technology aircraft design and analysis, and specializes in creating
Why it matters: Recognized as technology leaders inside engineering tools and methods for design and analysis of
Partnerships
and outside the company, the Boeing Technical Fellowship aircraft with alternative energy and propulsion systems.
program represents the top 3% of Boeing’s technical and Wong helped develop Cascade, Boeing’s emissions
Operations scientific community. modeling and analysis tool.
Celebrating firsts: Christin Datz, Hugh Wong and Helen • Lee is the regional director of airspace and airport programs
Communities Lee are among Boeing’s newest Associate Technical Fellows for Boeing China’s Global Support Center, supporting the
(ATF). They also share other distinctions. Lee is Boeing’s first Greater China region. In her role, Lee thinks about ways
Technical Fellow appointed in China. Datz and Wong are advanced technologies like artificial intelligence can be
Reporting the most recent ATFs appointed in the area of Sustainability. applied to improve air traffic management operations.
Together, they will help innovate and continue integrating
It comes down to this: Technical Fellows are trusted
sustainability into Boeing’s engineering teams and functions
consultants, advisers and mentors, and possess expertise
to make our products, services and operations better for
in a variety of areas spanning the full life cycle of all Boeing
people and the environment.
products, processes and services, across a number of
30 engineering disciplines.

“ The breadth and depth of our
Technical Fellowship is unique to
the industry, and we count on our
fellows to be stewards of technical
excellence across the enterprise. This
group will continue to strengthen our
company and represent engineering
excellence throughout the industry.”
Howard McKenzie, Boeing chief engineer
and executive vice president of Engineering,
Test & Technology

[Table 1 — Page 30]
|
----------------------------------------
| “ The breadth and depth of our Technical Fellowship is unique to the industry, and we count on our fellows to be stewards of technical excellence across the enterprise. This group will continue to strengthen our company and represent engineering excellence throughout the industry.” Howard McKenzie, Boeing chief engineer and executive vice president of Engineering, Test & Technology
|

Sustainability Report
Sustainable P
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
“ Across Boeing Defense, Space
& Security, we believe that
People
operational effectiveness and
sustainability are two sides of the
Products & Services
same coin. A more sustainable,
Global Aerospace Safety
lower cost, energy efficient
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
defense enterprise is a more
Innovation and
operationally effective one.
Clean Technology
That’s why we have a history
Fleet Renewal
of partnering with our customers
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy to pioneer the use of sustainable
Advanced Technology aviation fuels and are leveraging
Partnerships digital design and production
to reduce our carbon footprint
Operations
throughout the life cycle of
our products”
Communities
Ted Colbert, president and CEO of
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Reporting

Demand/
Product Life Cycle Sales
End of Design/
Service Technology
Boeing increasingly looks at every stage of the
SUSTAINABLE
product life cycle through a sustainability lens PRODUCT
LIFE CYCLE
We continue to evolve our approach so that our next generation of products consider Materials/
Use Feedstocks
the full breadth of sustainability including environmental, health, safety and human
factors improvements by targeting the following seven areas:
Demand/Sales. Customers continue to demand higherBuild/Test Parts
efficiency, lower emissions products. Globally, airlines and
governments are increasingly accountable to emerging sustainability
standards, which requires that they evaluate the life cycle of aircraft they operate.
Cascade: Boeing’s data modeling and visualization tool quantifies the potential of four strategies to cut
emissions, including fleet renewal, operational efficiency, renewable energy and future aircraft introduction.
Design/Technology. Boeing evaluates new product designs and technologies to determine if they are safe
and sustainable by conducting an environmental life cycle assessment. We strive to evaluate new aircraft
design concepts, materials and technologies early in the development process to assess how much we can
reduce the risks and expenses associated with its environmental footprint. We aim to examine whether more
sustainable approaches exist for new product design, considering everything from selecting materials and
parts to improving manufacturing processes and in-service operations to recycling the plane.
SAF-Compatible Commercial Airplanes: Boeing is collaborating with suppliers to achieve our goal that
all commercial airplanes we deliver by 2030 will be compatible with SAF.
Materials/Feedstocks. Boeing examines coatings that improve our planes’ aerodynamics, fuel efficiency
and longevity, in part by using more parts that can be repurposed. Lighter composite materials permit us to
design more fuel-efficient aircraft like our primarily composite 787 Dreamliner. Boeing simultaneously supports
research into regenerative feedstocks that can replace constituents that are nonrenewable resources. For
example, the bio-based regenerative feedstocks from forestry waste and pine root oil that we are researching
at Villanova University may one day be integrated into the epoxy resins used in our interior parts, enabling us
to reduce the feedstock-related emissions from extraction and refining compared to petrochemical-based
feedstocks. Meantime, we recycle the metals used in manufacturing our aircraft back into our supply chain,
reducing reliance on virgin materials.

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and
Clean Technology
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Communities
Reporting

Parts. Boeing aims to reduce carbon emissions and waste from parts, components and systems procured from suppliers. We reduce carbon emissions from
the movement of millions of airplane spare parts by consolidating shipments, eliminating single-use packaging and redesigning warehousing networks to regional
hubs. In addition, we use additive manufacturing to 3D print some of our own parts. Doing so allows us to change the designs of some parts in a way that can
lessen their environmental impact by creating lighter consolidated parts that use less raw material, fewer machining processes and leave less waste. See Page 64
for more information.
Supplier Collaboration: In 2021, Boeing co-founded an industry effort through the International Aerospace Environmental Group to establish a voluntary sectoral
framework for ESG engagement, including assessment and awareness, throughout the aerospace manufacturing industry.
Used Serviceable Material Offerings: Boeing Service business provides access to recertified used parts from retired aircraft called used serviceable material.
Build/Test. Reducing waste from operations while boosting the use of renewable energy and digital technologies can help our manufacturing and other
work sites reduce their environmental impact while building and testing a product. Boeing cuts waste to landfill, water, energy and hazardous chemicals.
Read more about how we do so on Page 52. For example, when testing aircraft, Boeing uses blended sustainable aviation fuels.
Sustainable Operations: Since 2020, Boeing has maintained workplace net-zero GHG emissions at manufacturing sites and other facilities (Scope 1
and Scope 2) and in its business travel (Scope 3, Category 6) by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while securing carefully selected,
third-party-verified offsets for the remaining GHG emissions.
ecoDemonstrator: To accelerate innovation for current and future airplane sustainability, our 10-year-old ecoDemonstrator flying test bed program takes
promising technologies out of a lab and tests them in an operational environment.
Use. Boeing provides solutions for customers to lower their carbon footprints while they are using our aircraft. For example, armed with real-time data, flight
crews can make adjustments to optimize fuel use, and thus minimize the carbon footprint of each flight. Digital tools empower our airline customers to conserve
fuel, track emissions and enhance their operations’ overall efficiency, while defense customers can conserve fuel and lower emissions with platform-agnostic
digital systems with maintenance, supply chain and flight planning recommendations based on analytics.
Government Services: As our tools ingest flight, maintenance and supply data, our analytics produce results that drive efficiency across the system.
Read more on Page 37.
End of Service. Up to 90 percent of the parts and materials in Boeing aircraft can be reused and recycled across aerospace and other industries. We manage
and recertify used parts for aircraft, and engine platforms for our customers.
Remanufactured: Boeing remanufactures aircraft, such as the 115 AH-64D Apache for government customers, which includes upgrading configurations with the
latest technology and keeping valuable materials in a closed loop.
Boeing Converted Freighter Fleet Renewal: Boeing’s passenger-to-freighter programs provide airlines an economical way to replace less efficient,
older-generation freighters with more efficient freighters created from repurposed passenger aircraft.

[Table 1 — Page 32]
| Parts. Boeing aims to reduce carbon emissions and waste from parts, components and systems procured from suppliers. We reduce carbon emissions from the movement of millions of airplane spare parts by consolidating shipments, eliminating single-use packaging and redesigning warehousing networks to regional hubs. In addition, we use additive manufacturing to 3D print some of our own parts. Doing so allows us to change the designs of some parts in a way that can lessen their environmental impact by creating lighter consolidated parts that use less raw material, fewer machining processes and leave less waste. See Page 64 for more information. Supplier Collaboration: In 2021, Boeing co-founded an industry effort through the International Aerospace Environmental Group to establish a voluntary sectoral framework for ESG engagement, including assessment and awareness, throughout the aerospace manufacturing industry. Used Serviceable Material Offerings: Boeing Service business provides access to recertified used parts from retired aircraft called used serviceable material.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 32]
| Use. Boeing provides solutions for customers to lower their carbon footprints while they are using our aircraft. For example, armed with real-time data, flight crews can make adjustments to optimize fuel use, and thus minimize the carbon footprint of each flight. Digital tools empower our airline customers to conserve fuel, track emissions and enhance their operations’ overall efficiency, while defense customers can conserve fuel and lower emissions with platform-agnostic digital systems with maintenance, supply chain and flight planning recommendations based on analytics. Government Services: As our tools ingest flight, maintenance and supply data, our analytics produce results that drive efficiency across the system. Read more on Page 37.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Innovation a
Contents
Introduction
Our company and our industry
recognize finding solutions to
Approach & Governance
climate change as an urgent
challenge of our time. We are
People united in our goal to ensure
billions of passengers can
continue to fly every year
Products & Services
to connect with friends and
Global Aerospace Safety family, discover new places and
Sustainable Product cultures, engage in commerce
Life Cycle and care for those in need.
Innovation and Achieving this objective requires
Clean Technology
a portfolio of innovative solutions
Fleet Renewal and partnerships that allows our
sector to decarbonize. We are
Operational Efficiency
focused on four key areas: fleet
Renewable Energy renewal, operational efficiency,
Advanced Technology renewable energy and advanced
technology. In 2022 we set
Partnerships
ambitious 2030 targets related
to our products, and throughout
Operations this section we share progress
toward those goals and
essential partnerships that will
Communities
help us achieve them.
More about the governance
Reporting
of this strategy can be found in
the Approach & Governance
Section on Page 13 of
this report.

and Clean Technology
Sharing Cascade at the
opening of the Boeing
Research & Technology
Sustainability Research
Center in Tokyo, CSO Chris
Raymond explains how
the modeling tool projects
the multiple paths to
net-zero carbon emissions
for commercial aviation.
(Boeing photo)
The Cascade effect
“ Cascade helps airline
operators, industry partners
Boeing debuted The Boeing Cascade Climate Impact Model (Cascade) at the
Farnborough International Airshow in 2022. This web application uses digital and policymakers see when,
technical data pulled from across the world to visualize how introducing
where and how different
various sustainable aviation options would impact global emissions. Cascade
uses life cycle modeling to accurately quantify how choices in the four key energy carriers and life
areas impact the atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide.
cycle emissions affect their
Cascade is a way to visualize the climate impact of global commercial
sustainability goals. The
aviation while creating scenarios to calculate what kind of positive
impacts our levers to decarbonize aviation would have on carbon tool shows how incremental
emissions: fleet renewal, operational efficiency, renewable energy and
changes can cut emissions
new aviation technologies like hybrid, electric or hydrogen airplanes.
in commercial aviation.”
Why it matters: It’s a data-driven way for our stakeholders to Neil Titchener, program
leader, Cascade.
make informed decisions about how to reach the commercial aviation Neil Titchener, program
(Boeing photo)
industry’s net-zero 2050 ambition. leader, Cascade
Learn more about Cascade

[Table 1 — Page 33]
| Our company and our industry recognize finding solutions to climate change as an urgent challenge of our time. We are united in our goal to ensure billions of passengers can continue to fly every year to connect with friends and family, discover new places and cultures, engage in commerce and care for those in need. Achieving this objective requires a portfolio of innovative solutions and partnerships that allows our sector to decarbonize. We are focused on four key areas: fleet renewal, operational efficiency, renewable energy and advanced technology. In 2022 we set ambitious 2030 targets related to our products, and throughout this section we share progress toward those goals and essential partnerships that will help us achieve them. More about the governance of this strategy can be found in the Approach & Governance Section on Page 13 of this report.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 33]
Sharing Cascade at the opening of the Boeing Research & Technology Sustainability Research Center in Tokyo, CSO Chris Raymond explains how the modeling tool projects the multiple paths to net-zero carbon emissions for commercial aviation. (Boeing photo) |
----------------------------------------
|
|

Sustainability Report
Four Strategies to Advance Sustainable Aerospace Together
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and
Clean Technology
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Fleet Operational Renewable Advanced
Renewal Efficiency Energy Technology
Communities
Reporting
Cross-sector global partnerships required

[Table 1 — Page 34]
| | |
----------------------------------------
| | |

Sustainability Report
Fleet Renewal
Contents
Introduction
New airplanes provide significant efficiency gains — historically
each generation reduces fuel use and emissions 15%-25%.
Approach & Governance
Deploying the latest generation of airplanes is one of the most
significant contributions to CO emissions reduction available over
the next decade. Boeing will continue to invest in efficiencies that
People
reduce fuel use and carbon emissions. More detail on the
sustainability of Boeing’s products can be found here.
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and
Clean Technology
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Communities
Reporting
In December 2022, Boeing and United Airlines announced the carrier is investing in its future fleet with an order
for 100 787 airplanes, with the option to purchase 100 more. The deal is the largest 787 Dreamliner order in
Boeing’s history. United is also purchasing 100 737 MAX jets. (Boeing photo)

New orders mean more efficient fleets
774 big things: In 2022, our customers ordered 774 new commercial
aircraft. New airplanes provide significant efficiency gains — each generation
has reduced fuel use and emissions by 15%-25%.
Why it matters: Deploying the latest generation of airplanes is one of
the most significant contributions to reducing carbon emissions available
over the next decade.
Research matters: The emissions reductions available today in our latest
generation of aircraft are a direct result of Boeing committing a significant
amount of its research and development investment to sustainable
technologies, such as:
• The Advanced Technology Winglet on the 737 MAX that reduces drag
and increases lift.
• Lightweight carbon-fiber composite material on the 787 that is 30% lighter
than aluminum.
• Folding wingtips on the 777X that offer unconstrained wingspan and
contribute to 5% greater aerodynamic efficiency.
Go deeper: Read about our orders and deliveries here.
“ With this investment in its future fleet, the 737 MAX and 787
will help United accelerate its fleet modernization and global
growth strategy. The Boeing team is honored by United’s trust
in our family of airplanes to connect people and transport
cargo around the world for decades to come.”
Stan Deal, president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes

[Table 1 — Page 35]
| New airplanes provide significant efficiency gains — historically each generation reduces fuel use and emissions 15%-25%. Deploying the latest generation of airplanes is one of the most significant contributions to CO emissions reduction available over 2 the next decade. Boeing will continue to invest in efficiencies that reduce fuel use and carbon emissions. More detail on the sustainability of Boeing’s products can be found here.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 35]
| In December 2022, Boeing and United Airlines announced the carrier is investing in its future fleet with an order for 100 787 airplanes, with the option to purchase 100 more. The deal is the largest 787 Dreamliner order in Boeing’s history. United is also purchasing 100 737 MAX jets. (Boeing photo)
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Showing up, sustainably
Boeing’s newest and largest members of its
Introduction
737 MAX and 777X airplane families flew to
the 2022 Farnborough International Airshow
Approach & Governance on sustainable aviation fuel blended with
conventional jet fuel at a 30/70 ratio, using
the same SAF blend for their daily flying
People
displays. The 737 MAX family leverages
advanced aerodynamic design and highly
efficient engines to reduce fuel use and
Products & Services
emissions 20%, and the noise footprint is
Global Aerospace Safety
50% less than the airplanes they replaced.
Sustainable Product The 777-9 will deliver 10% better fuel use,
Life Cycle emissions and operating costs.
Innovation and
Clean Technology
Videos:
Fleet Renewal
777-9: Watch it fly.
Operational Efficiency
737-10: See efficient flight.
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Communities
Reporting

Arriving at EAA AirVenture in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, on a 30/70 blend of
SAF, the 2022 Boeing ecoDemonstrator provided tours to more than 5,000
Video: Watch AirVenture in Oshkosh.
show visitors and served as a beautiful backdrop for attendees celebrating
WomenVenture day. Boeing sponsored EAA WomenVenture as it celebrated
its 15th year of programming designed to encourage and support women
in aviation. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Operational Efficiency
Contents
Managing air traffic efficiently
Introduction
Safe, sustainable skies are the priority. Boeing works with governments, airports, airlines and air
Boeing continues to invest to ensure navigation service providers around the world on exploring
Approach & Governance
our aircraft have the latest equipment new approaches to air traffic management (ATM).
and services to support advanced
Why it matters: Optimized ATM is a critical component
People procedures, and we also work with
needed to reach the commercial aviation industry’s net-zero
airlines, government customers, air
ambition — collaboration on how to manage airspace more
navigation service providers and airports
Products & Services efficiently can reduce emissions by about 10%, according
on efficiency improvements. These
to EUROCONTROL.
Global Aerospace Safety include procedures such as continuous
Sustainable Product descent approaches and equipment Around the globe: ATM solutions designed to address
Executive operations support assistant in EUROCONTROL’s Maastricht Upper Area
Life Cycle upgrades such as GPS-based specific, local and regional needs help airports and airlines
Control Centre, which enables air traffic controllers to provide safe and efficient air
navigation for more direct routings. operate more safely, quietly and sustainably:
Innovation and traffic services. (EUROCONTROL photo)
We develop services to leverage data
Clean Technology
• China: Boeing is supporting China’s Air Traffic Management
for fuel and flight efficiency, help
Fleet Renewal Bureau in exploring a new approach to ATM called “EoR” —
customers optimize flight planning research and innovation. To do so, it is harnessing, developing
Established on Required Navigation Performance (RNP).
Operational Efficiency and provide pilots with real-time and accelerating the implementation of the most cutting-edge
It’s a separation standard for landing aircraft established by
Renewable Energy weather and traffic information. technological solutions to manage conventional aircraft, drones,
the ICAO, which enables safe separation on parallel runways
air taxis and vehicles flying at higher altitudes.
Advanced Technology through simultaneous RNP-equipped arrivals, while reducing
fuel burn, greenhouse gas emissions and noise. • India: Boeing completed the development of a 10-year road map
Partnerships
for Communication, Navigation and Surveillance/Air Traffic
• Europe: Boeing is participating in seven new Single
Management (CNS/ATM) for Airports Authority of India (AAI).
European ATM Research (SESAR) 3 Joint Undertaking
Operations “ Boeing has multiple digital Backed by the U.S. Trade and Development Agency, Boeing and
research projects, renewing a 20-year-plus commitment
AAI conducted an analysis across operational, environmental,
solutions available today and even to aircraft operational efficiency and air traffic management
regulatory, technological, safety and financial factors. The resulting
Communities in Europe and paving the way to a future sustainable sky.
more that are in development to road map focuses on improving airspace utilization and
The seven projects address critical areas for change,
maintaining safe and efficient aircraft operations — helping to
help customers improve their fuel including emissions reduction, automation enabled by
Reporting modernize the Indian National Airspace System with domestic
artificial intelligence, resilient ATM service provision, as
and flight efficiency while reducing
traffic expected to double by the end of this decade.
well as the swift uptake of solutions for the integration of
carbon emissions.” drones (U-space), urban air mobility, multimodality and The bottom line: Boeing will continue developing local and
reduced emissions operations. The partnership is a European global partnerships within the aviation ecosystem, enabling
Stephanie Pope, president and CEO
undertaking between private and public sector partners to exchange of expertise and technology to help build a safer
of Boeing Global Services
accelerate the delivery of the Digital European Sky through and more sustainable future of flight.

Sustainability Report
Contents Celebrating a decade
of paperless flight decks
Introduction
The big picture: In the summer of 2012, Boeing’s Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro
launched — the very first electronic flight bag (EFB) application to test what,
Approach & Governance
at the time, felt revolutionary: pilots flying with digital charts and maps, free
of paper binders. A decade later, the digital solutions revolution in aerospace
People continues to enable airlines to make impressive strides in operational
efficiency and their sustainability targets.
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and
305,000
Clean Technology
Fleet Renewal
trees saved
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships 5B 6,111
+
sheets of paper acres of forest not
Operations
not printed needed for printing
Communities
6.3M
Reporting kg
(13.9M pounds) of paper
removed from airplanes
38 Numbers represent data from 2012 through August 2022.

Kubota Garden. Seattle (Boeing photo)
300,000
+
pilots supported
40,000 270,000
+
paperless flights tonnes of
enabled daily fuel saved
100M 857,722
+
paperless flights tonnes of CO
enabled emissions avoided

Sustainability Report
Renewable
Contents
Introduction
Renewable energy can help
Approach & Governance reduce carbon emissions
inside our operations and
from our products and
People services. For our products,
renewable energy can help
reduce the carbon intensity
Products & Services
of an energy powering
Global Aerospace Safety our products, such as
Sustainable Product Sustainable Aviation Fuel
Life Cycle (SAF), green hydrogen and
batteries. Boeing believes
Innovation and
SAF is a necessary lever
Clean Technology
to decarbonize aviation.
Fleet Renewal
However, it will take a
Operational Efficiency “SAF and” approach and
not a “SAF or” approach
Renewable Energy
to support the commercial
Advanced Technology
aviation industry’s
Partnerships ambition for net zero by
2050. As part of the “SAF
and” approach, Boeing
Operations
continues to advance the
viability of other renewable
Communities energy carriers and their
safe use on aircraft.
Reporting For additional information
on SAF, please reference
the SAF Fact Sheet.

Energy
Creating a decarbonized
solution in the UAE
When Boeing was invited to analyze a
study that looked at developing SAF in the
United Arab Emirates (UAE), the decision
to participate was easy and will support the
growth of SAF production in the region.
The Emirates flight test utilized 18 tons of SAF in one engine of a 777-300ER blended from two producers,
The “Power-to-Liquids Roadmap” report
Neste and Virent. The flight flew over the Dubai coastline for just over an hour. (Emirates photo)
examines the financial, economic and
environmental benefits of decarbonizing the
country’s aviation industry with an emerging Here’s how it’s made: countries are also studying PtL to mature the
SAF technology. • Electricity is applied to the water (HO). technology and assess how this pathway may
The hydrogen is collected and the oxygen help them decarbonize.
Boeing’s role: The report was developed by
is set aside.
the UAE Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure The upshot: The UAE report shows that it
in collaboration with the World Economic • The hydrogen is mixed with the carbon would be ambitious but feasible for the country
Forum’s Clean Skies for Tomorrow Initiative. dioxide in a reactor until it matures. to produce as much as 11 million tons of PtL
Boeing participated by offering expertise at the SAF by 2050 — equivalent to approximately
• The liquid is removed from the reactor,
launch event, analyzing the findings and being 70% of national jet fuel consumption.
which results in PtL jet fuel.
an active member of the UAE’s SAF task force,
It’s all about partnerships: “We
which is led by the Ministry of Energy and Resources needed: This PtL relies on
collaborate with policymakers across six
Infrastructure and provides strategic guidance two things in the UAE: tapping into the UAE’s
continents to support the SAF value chain,
on a range of fuel options, including Power-to- abundant sources of renewable energy
including its supply, use, certification and life
Liquids (PtL), a type of SAF. (intense sunshine and sustained winds), as
cycle,” said Mohammed Al Ghailani, Boeing’s
well as its ability to capture carbon dioxide
What is PtL? SAF requires careful attention sustainability lead for the Middle East and
from the air or from point sources such as
to detail. There are several pathways to Africa. “We were thrilled to support the UAE’s
industrial waste gases.
creating PtL (Power-to-Liquid) including the ongoing research into developing a renewable
process where renewable electricity, CO and PtL is considered a significant technology fuel that would be suitable to the region.”
water are synthesized into a liquid hydrocarbon, for the UAE to decarbonize aviation. Other
including jet fuel.

[Table 1 — Page 39]
| Renewable energy can help reduce carbon emissions inside our operations and from our products and services. For our products, renewable energy can help reduce the carbon intensity of an energy powering our products, such as Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), green hydrogen and batteries. Boeing believes SAF is a necessary lever to decarbonize aviation. However, it will take a “SAF and” approach and not a “SAF or” approach to support the commercial aviation industry’s ambition for net zero by 2050. As part of the “SAF and” approach, Boeing continues to advance the viability of other renewable energy carriers and their safe use on aircraft. For additional information on SAF, please reference the SAF Fact Sheet.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Feedstocks and forces – Boeing’s work to scale up SAF around the world
Contents
Why it matters: Today, SAF is made from waste-based • Europe: Boeing’s technology office in Madrid participates • UK: Boeing is focused on supporting the creation of a policy,
agricultural products and used cooking oil and reduces in research and development activities with the Horizon capital and innovation ecosystem in the UK to enable the
Introduction
emissions by up to 80% compared to conventional jet Europe program to develop new pathways and to join Government’s Jet Zero Strategy commitment of having five
fuel. Most is currently blended with fossil fuel. Boeing consortia focused on energy transition for both small plants in construction by 2025. Boeing was proud to be the
Approach & Governance is working to make SAF more accessible to help deliver on and large airports. founding partner of the Energy Innovation Centre at the
its commitment that commercial airplanes will be compatible University of Sheffield, which has since been selected
• India: In collaboration with World Economic Forum’s
to fly on 100% SAF by 2030. SAF development and as the home of the UK SAF clearing house.
Clean Skies for Tomorrow initiative, India produced a road
People
production deliver economic growth, provide energy security
map detailing how to scale production and use of SAF, • U.S.: Boeing focuses on SAF procurement, research and
for countries and create jobs across multiple industries.
including feedstock analysis, production capacity and development, and promoting SAF commercial scale-up
Products & Services SAF sources and building scale: Boeing is technological maturity. in the U.S. and around the globe. Boeing also recently
Global Aerospace Safety researching, developing and advocating for SAF across • Japan: In August 2022, Boeing announced its new center announced the purchase of 5.6 million gallons of SAF
the globe, working with the most sustainable feedstocks for its commercial operations in 2023.
Sustainable Product focusing on sustainability and supporting a newly expanded
that are available.
Life Cycle cooperation agreement with Japan’s Ministry of Economy,
Trade and Industry. Read more on our partnerships in Japan
Innovation and • Australia and New Zealand: Boeing is working on a SAF
on Page 45.
Clean Technology road map, in partnership with the Commonwealth Scientific
Fleet Renewal and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), to help • Middle East: Boeing also participated in the Sustainable
analyze the availability of sustainable feedstocks in the Bioenergy Research Consortium’s (SBRC) Seawater Energy
Operational Efficiency
Asia-Pacific region, primarily focusing on Australia and and Agriculture System (SEAS), which is an integrated
Renewable Energy New Zealand. system of aquaculture, halo-agriculture and mangrove
Advanced Technology • Brazil is the second-largest biofuel producer globally. silviculture to produce SAF and seafood. The first airplane
flight fueled with jet fuel produced through SBRC’s SEAS
Boeing’s focus includes feedstocks that can be sourced
Partnerships
happened in January 2019.
sustainably, such as sugar cane, eucalyptus and other
residual biomass options. • Mexico: Boeing is the only multinational company working
Operations
with the Biojet Consortium, established in 2016 and is
• China is planning to scale up SAF adoption and Boeing has
comprised of 14 research centers and companies that are
partnered with Peking University to develop fundamental
exploring alternative aviation fuel supply chain in Mexico.
Communities research meant to guide the industry in identifying promising
SAF feedstocks and pathways. • South Africa: Since 2014, Boeing has been working with
RSB and World Wildlife Fund-South Africa to help small-hold
Reporting • Ethiopia: Boeing supports a SAF e-learning and academic
farmers to grow crops that produce SAF. Boeing is partnering
program in partnership with Roundtable for Sustainable Dr. Alejandro Rios Galvan, director of the Sustainable
Biomaterials (RSB). Boeing conducted a feasibility study with Stellenbosch University to deliver SAF e-learning. Bioenergy Research Consortium at Khalifa University in Abu
on Carinata (Ethiopian mustard) as a feedstock for Dhabi, and Boeing’s SAF feedstock expert Onofre Andrade
meet as partners at a solar energy plant in Masdar City —
SAF production.
where low-carbon energy will be used to produce green
hydrogen. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Fond childhood memories
propel a passion for possibility
Contents “The sugar cane ethanol co-op provided much-needed jobs,
and sustainable fuel
and that sparked hope in the lives of many people I care about,”
said Andrade. “The success of the ethanol plant catalyzed other
Introduction
Boeing’s SAF feedstock expert Onofre Andrade witnessed co-ops and sparked capacity-building opportunities — including
the transformative economic power sustainable biofuels a co-op-led school started by my mother.”
had on his job-deprived rural village, while growing up in
Approach & Governance
Andrade joined Boeing before SAF was a hot topic, but his early
central-west Brazil.
experience continues to give purpose to him and his family.
When he was a young boy, his father joined with other
People
farmers to form a co-operative that built a sugar cane
ethanol plant. It still operates today. Prior to this co-op Boeing’s SAF feedstock expert Onofre Andrade was inspired by
seeing good jobs come to his rural village in Brazil when his father
Products & Services being developed, the sole source of jobs was farm labor.
started a sugar cane ethanol co-op. (Onofre Andrade photo)
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and “ I hope to inspire my kids the
Clean Technology
way my dad inspired me.”
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency Onofre Andrade, sustainable aviation
fuel feedstock expert
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Communities
Reporting

Carissa Pajel at Boeing SAF lab.
(Boeing photo)
Peter Nease and Clarence Santiago fueling ecoDemonstrator
with SAF. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Advanced Te
Contents
Introduction
To meet the commercial aviation
Approach & Governance industry’s net-zero ambition by
2050, it will take an approach that
includes SAF and other advanced
People technologies. Boeing has extensive
experience on the “and,” through
research, studies, testing and
Products & Services
partnerships. The future of flight
Global Aerospace Safety will incorporate the latest digital
Sustainable Product design, test and production tools,
Life Cycle airframe, propulsion and systems
technology, and different power
Innovation and
and energy solutions will apply to
Clean Technology
different market segments and
Fleet Renewal
aircraft sizes.
Operational Efficiency
Informed by the company’s
Renewable Energy extensive evaluation and testing
Advanced Technology of alternative propulsion sources
and renewable energy and its
Partnerships
research partnerships, and
supported by Boeing’s expertise
Operations in commercial aircraft design and
history of innovation on alternative
energy and propulsion systems,
Communities
Boeing has launched a new effort
to conceptually design and assess
the potential environmental impacts
Reporting
of “Future Flight Concepts.”
These concepts are exploring
applications of technologies
including electrification and
alternative fuels, such as hydrogen.

echnology
NASA awards sustainable flight program to Boeing and partners
In January 2023, NASA selected Boeing and its industry team to When combined with expected advancements in propulsion
lead the development and flight testing of a full-scale Transonic systems, materials and systems architecture, a single-aisle
Truss-Braced Wing (TTBW) demonstrator airplane through the airplane with a TTBW configuration could see reduced fuel
Sustainable Flight Demonstrator (SFD) program. Through this consumption and emissions of up to 30% relative to today’s
unprecedented public-private partnership with NASA, Boeing most efficient single-aisle airplanes, depending on the mission.
and its industry partners are contributing more than half of the
funding needed to shape the demonstrator program. Years in the making: The TTBW airframe concept is the
result of more than a decade of development supported by
Why it matters: The technologies demonstrated and tested NASA, Boeing and industry investments. Under previous NASA
will inform future designs and could lead to breakthrough programs, including the agency’s Subsonic Ultra Green Aircraft
aerodynamics and fuel efficiency gains. Research program, Boeing conducted extensive wind tunnel
testing and digital modeling.
“ One of the key outputs of this
activity is really the learning,
the knowledge. What at the
integrated airplane level ... will
the benefits be? And depending
on the results of this effort, and
market conditions — that’ll
dictate whether this shows up
on a future commercial product.”
Todd Citron, Chief Technology Officer
Concept art showing possible
commercial aircraft families with
a Transonic Truss-Braced Wing
configuration. (Boeing image)

[Table 1 — Page 42]
| To meet the commercial aviation industry’s net-zero ambition by 2050, it will take an approach that includes SAF and other advanced technologies. Boeing has extensive experience on the “and,” through research, studies, testing and partnerships. The future of flight will incorporate the latest digital design, test and production tools, airframe, propulsion and systems technology, and different power and energy solutions will apply to different market segments and aircraft sizes. Informed by the company’s extensive evaluation and testing of alternative propulsion sources and renewable energy and its research partnerships, and supported by Boeing’s expertise in commercial aircraft design and history of innovation on alternative energy and propulsion systems, Boeing has launched a new effort to conceptually design and assess the potential environmental impacts of “Future Flight Concepts.” These concepts are exploring applications of technologies including electrification and alternative fuels, such as hydrogen.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 42]
NASA awards sustainable flight program to Boeing and partners In January 2023, NASA selected Boeing and its industry team to When combined with expected advancements in propulsion lead the development and flight testing of a full-scale Transonic systems, materials and systems architecture, a single-aisle Truss-Braced Wing (TTBW) demonstrator airplane through the airplane with a TTBW configuration could see reduced fuel Sustainable Flight Demonstrator (SFD) program. Through this consumption and emissions of up to 30% relative to today’s unprecedented public-private partnership with NASA, Boeing most efficient single-aisle airplanes, depending on the mission. and its industry partners are contributing more than half of the funding needed to shape the demonstrator program. Years in the making: The TTBW airframe concept is the result of more than a decade of development supported by Why it matters: The technologies demonstrated and tested NASA, Boeing and industry investments. Under previous NASA will inform future designs and could lead to breakthrough programs, including the agency’s Subsonic Ultra Green Aircraft aerodynamics and fuel efficiency gains. Research program, Boeing conducted extensive wind tunnel testing and digital modeling.
----------------------------------------

“ One of the key outputs of this activity is really the learning, the knowledge. What at the integrated airplane level ... will the benefits be? And depending on the results of this effort, and market conditions — that’ll dictate whether this shows up on a future commercial product.” Todd Citron, Chief Technology Officer

Sustainability Report
Contents Wisk unveils self-flying, eVTOL aircraft
Wisk, a technology joint venture, is developing its 6th Why it matters: Wisk will be the
Introduction
Generation aircraft. Designed with the highest safety standards, first candidate for certification of an
it will be the first candidate for certification of an autonomous, autonomous, passenger-carrying
Approach & Governance passenger-carrying electric vertical takeoff and landing electric vertical takeoff and landing
(eVTOL) aircraft in the U.S. The Gen 6 aircraft has room for (eVTOL) aircraft in the U.S.
four passengers, carry-on luggage and personal items, can
People
fly 90 miles (145 kilometers) and recharges in 15 minutes.
Products & Services
“W isk is excited to partner with Boeing on the
Global Aerospace Safety
development of this autonomous aircraft. Our
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle combined experience uniquely positions Wisk
Innovation and to succeed in this exciting new mobility market.”
Clean Technology
Brian Yutko, CEO, Wisk
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Wisk 6th Generation autonomous, passenger-carrying
electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft. (Wisk photo)

Space Launch System in flight.
(Boeing image)
Taking a SAF and other
advanced technology approach
It will take a “SAF and” approach, not a “SAF or” approach,
to achieve the commercial aviation industry’s net zero ambition
by 2050. As part of our approach, which includes SAF and
other technologies, Boeing continues to advance the safety
and viability of other energy carriers and their use on aircraft.
Since the mid-2000s, Boeing has conducted six hydrogen
technology demonstrations with crewed and uncrewed aircraft
using hydrogen fuel cells and combustion engines. Boeing
successfully tested a cryotank designed for space with the
capacity to hold 16,000 gallons of liquid hydrogen or the
energy equivalent of the Jet A fuel in a typical regional jet.
Boeing was reminded of the challenges and opportunities associated
with hydrogen with the recent Artemis mission. Chris Raymond,
Boeing’s chief sustainability officer dives into more detail in this
Fortune article.

Sustainability Report
Sustainability test bed turns 10
Contents
The Boeing ecoDemonstrator marked its 10-year anniversary
in 2022 — accelerating innovation by taking promising
Introduction
technologies out of the lab and rigorously testing them
in an operational environment.
Approach & Governance
By the numbers:
The program has tested over 225 technologies to help enhance
People safety, decarbonize aviation and improve operational efficiency
and the passenger experience.
Products & Services • Nine platforms served as flying test beds:
Global Aerospace Safety • 2012: American Airlines 737-800.
Sustainable Product • 2014: Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner.
Life Cycle
• 2015: TUI 757.
Innovation and
Clean Technology • 2016: Embraer E170.
Fleet Renewal • 2018: FedEx 777 Freighter.
“I am proud of the ecoDemonstrator’s
Operational Efficiency
• 2019: Boeing 777-200.
role in pioneering the use of sustainable
Renewable Energy
• 2020: Etihad Airways 787-10.
aviation fuel (SAF) for the industry.
Advanced Technology
• 2021: Alaska Airlines 737-9.
Partnerships Not only has almost every one of our
• 2022-2024: Boeing 777-200ER (Extended Range).
platforms flown on SAF, we conducted
• Approximately one-third of those technologies progressed
Operations the industry’s first commercial flight on
onto Boeing’s products and services, including:
100% SAF in both engines in 2018 with
• More aerodynamically efficient winglets on the 737 MAX.
Communities
FedEx Express and tested SAF emissions
• iPad apps that provide real-time weather and other
information to pilots, enabling them to improve fuel efficiency
with NASA. That is what we do —
Reporting and reduce emissions.
partner across the industry to help
• Custom approach path information to lower community noise.
safely decarbonize aerospace.”
• Flight deck touch-screen displays and a camera system
on the 777X that will enhance safety by helping pilots avoid
Rae Lutters, ecoDemonstrator program manager
ground obstacles.

The 2022 Boeing ecoDemonstrator, a 777-200ER
(Extended Range) flies on a blend of 30% SAF
and 70% conventional jet fuel. (Boeing photo)
Video: See flying lab.

[Table 1 — Page 44]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Global Aerospace Safety Sustainable Product Life Cycle Innovation and Clean Technology Fleet Renewal Operational Efficiency Renewable Energy Advanced Technology Partnerships Operations Communities Reporting 44 | |
----------------------------------------
| | Sustainability test bed turns 10 The Boeing ecoDemonstrator marked its 10-year anniversary in 2022 — accelerating innovation by taking promising technologies out of the lab and rigorously testing them in an operational environment. By the numbers: The program has tested over 225 technologies to help enhance safety, decarbonize aviation and improve operational efficiency and the passenger experience. • Nine platforms served as flying test beds: • 2012: American Airlines 737-800. • 2014: Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner. • 2015: TUI 757. • 2016: Embraer E170. • 2018: FedEx 777 Freighter. “I am proud of the ecoDemonstrator’s • 2019: Boeing 777-200. role in pioneering the use of sustainable • 2020: Etihad Airways 787-10. aviation fuel (SAF) for the industry. • 2021: Alaska Airlines 737-9. Not only has almost every one of our • 2022-2024: Boeing 777-200ER (Extended Range). The 2022 Boeing ecoDemonstrator, a 777-200ER platforms flown on SAF, we conducted (Extended Range) flies on a blend of 30% SAF • Approximately one-third of those technologies progressed and 70% conventional jet fuel. (Boeing photo) the industry’s first commercial flight on onto Boeing’s products and services, including: 100% SAF in both engines in 2018 with • More aerodynamically efficient winglets on the 737 MAX. • iPad apps that provide real-time weather and other FedEx Express and tested SAF emissions Video: See flying lab. information to pilots, enabling them to improve fuel efficiency with NASA. That is what we do — and reduce emissions. partner across the industry to help • Custom approach path information to lower community noise. safely decarbonize aerospace.” • Flight deck touch-screen displays and a camera system on the 777X that will enhance safety by helping pilots avoid Rae Lutters, ecoDemonstrator program manager ground obstacles.

[Table 2 — Page 44]
Video: See flying lab. |
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Partnerships
Contents
Boeing partners for a clean
Introduction At the Farnborough
energy economy Airshow in June 2022,
Boeing and Mitsubishi
Approach & Governance Heavy Industries
Throughout 2022, Boeing joined forces with innovative
announced we will
partners from around the world to scale renewable energy build on our decadesPeople and sustainable technologies for a more sustainable long partnership.
aerospace and future. (Boeing photo)
Products & Services Why it matters: Boeing is aware that no one entity can
decarbonize the commercial aviation industry alone. It will
Global Aerospace Safety take “everyone” to achieve the industry’s net zero ambition by • Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI): Building on their • SpiceJet, Council of Scientific and Industrial ResearchSustainable Product 2050. We recognize the significant capital investment required decades-long partnership, Boeing and MHI agreed to Indian Institute of Petroleum (CSIR-IIP): Boeing partnered
Life Cycle in the journey and appreciate the partnership and support of study sustainable technologies for a low-carbon society. with these organizations to explore SAF use in India,
Innovation and the financial community to channel liquidity into the ongoing Their focus areas include green hydrogen, carbon capture, supporting the country’s environmental goals and self–reliance
Clean Technology transition pathway. electrification, sustainable materials, emissions propulsion initiative. Boeing is currently assisting in the certification
technologies, new aircraft design concepts as well as new process for SAF developed by CSIR–IIP by providing review
Fleet Renewal • Avolon and SkyNRG: Boeing partnered with Avolon, ORIX
feedstocks and technologies for SAF production. and support.
Operational Efficiency Aviation, SFS Ireland and SkyNRG to identify opportunities
• NASA: Boeing and NASA continued their partnership testing • Virgin Atlantic: In December 2022, partnering with Boeing,
for a commercial-scale SAF production facility in Ireland.
Renewable Energy the emissions from SAF. This year, the team conducted Virgin won the UK Department for Transport’s 100% SAF
The country is a global leader in aviation finance and airline
Advanced Technology operations with a planned growth of renewable energy tests on the 2022 Boeing ecoDemonstrator, a 777-200ER Trans-Atlantic Flight Fund Competition. This UK government
(Extended Range) with Rolls-Royce Trent 800 engines and initiative, which will see a 787 cross the Atlantic on 100% SAF
Partnerships sources. The study will be completed in 2023.
a 787-10 with GEnx-1B engines (see Page 44). in 2023, will showcase the spectrum of sustainable aviation
• Alder Fuels: Boeing has committed to support testing and
approaches to the flying public and inform our journey toward
• Rocky Mountain Institute and Five U.S. Airlines: Boeing,
qualification of Alder Fuels-derived SAF on its airplanes
Operations routine commercial industry 100% SAF flights by 2030.
along with five major U.S. airlines and others, joined the
to further grow the global SAF market. This technology
Contrail Impact Task Force led by the Rocky Mountain What’s next: The commercial aviation industry’s ambition is
enables the conversion of sustainable forest and agricultural
Communities residues into a low-negative carbon “greencrude” for jet fuel Institute to explore the formation, impact, and mitigation to achieve net-zero carbon emissions for global civil aviation
of persistent condensation trails, or “contrails,” and their operations by 2050, while also growing the societal benefits of
conversion — displacing the typical jet fuel need by up to
climate effects. air transportation. Boeing will continue to work across sectors
75% in the U.S. The first plant will be completed in 2024.
Reporting and industry to ensure the benefits of aerospace remain
• Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB): Boeing
• ACT FOR SKY: Boeing is a member of ACT FOR SKY,
available for generations to come.
has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021
a voluntary organization of 19 companies that works
and has chaired RSB’s SAF Policy Platform to advance
to commercialize, promote and expand the use of SAF
stakeholders’ collaboration on renewable energy.
produced in Japan.

[Table 1 — Page 45]
At the Farnborough Airshow in June 2022, Boeing and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries announced we will build on our decades- long partnership. (Boeing photo) |
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
University partnerships strengthen sustainability at Boeing
Contents
Why it matters: Strong university partnerships are one • University of Cambridge: In 2023, Boeing is celebrating
way Boeing demonstrates that it is looking outside the 20 years of collaboration with the University of Cambridge.
Introduction
aerospace industry to give and receive support for research Among other research projects, Boeing is partnering with the
and development and to attract top talent. university’s Whittle Lab on its Aviation Impact Accelerator
Approach & Governance (AIA) to draw from a multidisciplinary range of expertise. AIA
Here are some universities partnering with Boeing
develops interactive, evidence-based models, simulations
on sustainability:
and visualization tools for decision-makers and others to
People
• Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture: In April 2022, understand low-emissions flight pathways, complementing our
Boeing pledged $10 million to research efforts in natural own Cascade tool. The AIA tool will help Boeing and interested
Products & Services carbon sequestration to scale natural solutions to mitigate parties understand how policies, scenarios and technology
GHG. The Center’s focus is on near-term solutions that transitions support the industry’s net-zero carbon emissions
Global Aerospace Safety
can capture approximately one gigaton of CO per year, from commercial aviation by 2050.
Sustainable Product the equivalent to current annual airline emissions. This
• Cranfield University’s Digital Aviation Research and
Life Cycle
approach offers potential co-benefits such as improved soil
Technology Centre: This partnership focuses on technologies
Innovation and health and biodiversity conservation. that are relevant to the operational efficiency pillar of our
Clean Technology
• University of Sheffield: Boeing is the founding member sustainable aerospace strategy.
Fleet Renewal of the Energy Innovation Center (EIC), which is focused
• Villanova University: The Resilient Innovation through
on driving SAF development. In early 2023, the EIC was
Operational Efficiency Sustainable Engineering (RISE) Forum advances corporate
announced as the UK’s SAF Clearing House, in partnership
sustainability by identifying and applying data-driven
Renewable Energy
with the University of Dayton, reinforcing the critical role
sustainability solutions. Boeing has access to faculty and
Advanced Technology this first-of-its-kind facility in the UK will play in the global
graduate students who possess the technical expertise
ecosystem. The EIC builds on Boeing’s long-standing
Partnerships to examine real-world problems by evaluating various
relationship with Sheffield, which started with the
technologies or operational innovations through a
co-founding of an advanced research center for
systems perspective.
Operations manufacturing and led to the opening of Boeing’s
What’s next: We will continue to partner with academic
first European manufacturing facility, demonstrating a
institutions at the forefront of sustainable aerospace research.
successful model for university and industry collaboration.
Communities
Reporting
Fossil-Free Future for Aerospace: His Majesty King Charles III visits
Cambridge University, when he was Prince of Wales, to see plans for
a new Whittle Laboratory building that would act as a hub for the
university-led Aviation Impact Accelerator (AIA), of which Boeing is
an official industry adviser, focused on accelerating the move toward
the commercial aviation industry’s climate goals. (University of
46 Cambridge photo)

Alicia Piscitelli. (Boeing photo)
Studying sustainable materials in
forestry waste: University partnerships
nurture the sustainability talent pipeline, which
benefits graduates and the company. Alicia
Piscitelli secured a position on Boeing’s
Research & Technology team after completing
three company internships and earning
both master’s and doctorate degrees from
Villanova’s sustainable engineering program.
Boeing’s circular economy expert and
Associate Technical Fellow (see Page 30),
Christin Datz, was Piscitelli’s master’s thesis
adviser as she researched ways to advance
the sustainable product life cycle. Piscitelli’s
doctoral research focused on renewable
feedstock material for thermoset polymers
used in interior aircraft composites. She
studied ways to synthesize phenolics with
renewable feedstocks derived from pine root
oil and forestry waste.
Most recently, she’s helping Boeing to find
sustainable ways to manage polymers at the
end-of-life phase of the sustainable product
life cycle.

[Table 1 — Page 46]
Alicia Piscitelli. (Boeing photo)
----------------------------------------

Studying sustainable materials in forestry waste: University partnerships nurture the sustainability talent pipeline, which benefits graduates and the company. Alicia Piscitelli secured a position on Boeing’s Research & Technology team after completing three company internships and earning both master’s and doctorate degrees from Villanova’s sustainable engineering program. Boeing’s circular economy expert and Associate Technical Fellow (see Page 30), Christin Datz, was Piscitelli’s master’s thesis adviser as she researched ways to advance the sustainable product life cycle. Piscitelli’s doctoral research focused on renewable feedstock material for thermoset polymers used in interior aircraft composites. She studied ways to synthesize phenolics with renewable feedstocks derived from pine root oil and forestry waste. Most recently, she’s helping Boeing to find sustainable ways to manage polymers at the end-of-life phase of the sustainable product life cycle.

Boeing Global Sustainability Policy & Partnerships Vice President
2023 Boeing Brian Moran (right) is joined by Mohamed Al Ghailani, Boeing’s
Sustainability Report sustainability lead for Middle East, Türkiye and Africa, at COP27,
where they engaged with government, industry and civil society
partners. (Boeing photo)
Boeing partners with
decision-makers for
Contents • Europe: Boeing became a member of the European
Commission’s Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuels Value
sustainable aerospace
Chain Industrial Alliance. As part of the Aviation Working
Introduction
Group, Boeing is partnering with the European policymakers
Boeing is working with decision-makers and policy institutions
to inform how to scale production and uptake of SAF. In
globally to create tailor-made paths forward to decarbonize
2022, Boeing also took the lead as Sector Champion for
Approach & Governance commercial aviation.
Aviation in the World Economic Forum’s First Movers
Why it matters: The commercial aviation industry’s Coalition (FMC), which has assembled 24 of the world’s
People ambition of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 has multiple leading companies. All airlines and air transport companies
levers to work toward meeting this target. SAF is seen as the in this sector have set a target to procure 5% of their fuel
best solution to accelerate toward this goal as it is a drop-in demand as advanced SAF. The group works to overcome
Products & Services
solution to the aviation ecosystem. technology barriers and bring forward supply with the intent
• U.S.: The SAF Grand Challenge engages federal government
Global Aerospace Safety of striking binding commitments between buyers and sellers.
Around the globe: Here’s a snapshot of Boeing’s global agencies to develop a comprehensive strategy for scaling up
Sustainable Product policy partnerships. • Middle East: Boeing discussed real-world climate actions new technologies to produce SAF on a commercial scale
Life Cycle at the 2022 COP27 via panels and keynotes with partners from renewable or waste resources. Objectives include:
• Americas: Partnering with International Air Transport
Innovation and and stakeholders, amplifying that the only way to keep expanding SAF supply and end use; reducing its cost;
Association (IATA), Boeing hosted a SAF Roundtable at the IX
Clean Technology 1.5 degrees C alive is through cross-sector partnerships, enhancing its sustainability; supplying at least 3 billion gallons
Summit of the Americas and asked heads of state to develop
strategies, regulation and data to keep all parties on track. of SAF annually by 2030; and sufficient SAF to meet 100% of
Fleet Renewal sound policies to incentivize the production of SAF across
aviation fuel demand by 2050, which is projected to be
the western hemisphere, highlighting the potential of the • Singapore: Boeing joined the International Advisory Panel
Operational Efficiency around 35 billion gallons per year.
region. Boeing also partnered with seven airlines from across (IAP) set up by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore to
Renewable Energy the Americas, using nearly 400,000 liters (106,000 gallons) of develop Singapore Sustainable Air Hub Blueprint by 2023. What’s next: Boeing will continue to work closely with
Advanced Technology SAF for commercial flights during the week of the summit, Boeing provided insight into IAP’s report on scaling SAF and governments, customers and decision-makers globally to
avoiding the release of over 214 tonnes of CO. improving air traffic management to create a conducive achieve our shared goal in 2023 and beyond, including:
Partnerships 2
policy framework for the region’s busiest aviation hub.
• Australia: SAF will unlock its share of an extra $10 billion • Partnering on SAF road maps across the APAC region,
Boeing also briefed the Association of Southeast Asian
each year in GDP, generating 26,000 jobs, while reducing including Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia
Operations Nations Air Transport Ministers on key strategies for
emissions by around 9%. Boeing and Bioenergy Australia and Japan.
sustainable aviation, encouraging further discussion amongst
hosted a panel at the Prime Minister’s Sydney Energy Forum the member states on accelerating regional cooperation. • Helping to develop Australian Jet Zero Council.
Communities to accelerate the production of SAF, where the Australia
• Advocating to policymakers, the finance community and
Transport Minister announced plans for a Jet Council. Boeing • UK: Boeing hosted the seventh Jet Zero Council meeting in
suppliers through regional workshops with FMC around
also chaired the SAF Alliance of Australia and New Zealand its offices, presenting its Cascade tool to the Secretary of
the world to build local capacity for SAF supply, enhance
Reporting to make key policy recommendations on scaling SAF. State for Transport and Secretary of State for Energy and Net
demand commitments and unlock commercial challenges.
Zero. The work of the council is crucial for the UK Jet Zero
• China: Boeing and Peking University Institute of Energy
Strategy. Boeing was appointed co-chair of the Defence • Supporting the release of global SAF guidance on future
released a report that compiles results of a yearlong research
Supplier Forum Climate Change and Sustainability Aviation supply and demand issues for buyers and sellers.
effort into SAF, the basis of a plan to decarbonize air travel in
Group with the Royal Air Force. Boeing also leads a NATO
the world’s second-largest commercial aviation market. • Working closely with the UAE government on shaping
group on behalf of the UK focused on accelerating military
sustainable transport agenda at COP28.
47 adoption of SAF to support defence sustainability and
energy security.

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Global Aerospace Safety
Sustainable Product
Life Cycle
Innovation and
Clean Technology
Fleet Renewal
Operational Efficiency
Renewable Energy
Advanced Technology
Partnerships Gonzaga University Senior Design students receive the Adient Aerospace Ovation seating; left to right
in photo: Hannah Dunn, Micah Donald, Brady Jurgens, Emily Andresen. (Zack Berlat, Gonzaga photo)
Operations
Lighter seats lift efficiency
Communities
Boeing’s Cabin and Interiors and Payloads Engineering teams are finding innovative ways
Gonzaga University senior design students Brady Jurgens, Hannah Dunn,
to reduce waste, emissions and weight during the product life cycle for complete customer
Emily Andresen and Micah Donald study Ovation seat design and structure.
Reporting
solutions that promote sustainability. One of those ways involves a group of college students
(Zack Berlat, Gonzaga photo)
in Spokane, Washington. Boeing and joint venture aircraft seating partner, Adient Aerospace,
joined with Gonzaga University’s School of Engineering and Applied Science students to
support a sustainability-focused research initiative. The students are using Adient Aerospace’s
Ovation seat prototype to study cabin product design, manufacturing and maintenance to
find new approaches to increase sustainability measures.

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Operations
Quality
Sustainable Operations
Operational Targets
Progress
Addressing Climate
Change
Conserving Resources
Reducing Waste
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance
Responsible Supply Chain
Enterprise Security
and Data Privacy
Communities
Reporting
Habitat restoration along the Lower Duwamish Waterway in Seattle. (Boeing photo)

O P E R A T I O N S
Responsible and Resilient

[Table 1 — Page 49]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Quality Sustainable Operations Operational Targets Progress Addressing Climate Change Conserving Resources Reducing Waste Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Responsible Supply Chain Enterprise Security and Data Privacy Communities Reporting 49 | |
----------------------------------------
| | Habitat restoration along the Lower Duwamish Waterway in Seattle. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Quality
Contents
Introduction
We design quality into every aspect of our business
and drive personal accountability to ensure quality
Approach & Governance in everything we do and in every product we deliver.
We promote quality with our people, our culture,
metrics and oversight.
People
The Boeing Quality Management System (QMS) has
a foundation in AS9100, which is the internationally
Products & Services
recognized and premier aerospace QMS standard.
Boeing aims to flow down AS9100 certification
and compliance to its suppliers in order to enable
Operations
effective and efficient processes that meet multiple
Quality
customer, statutory and business requirements.
Sustainable Operations
QMS and the company’s Safety Management
Operational Targets
System (SMS) work together and are built into
Progress
the company’s organizational structure, policies,
Addressing Climate processes, procedures and resources. Our
Change customers and our regulators have extremely high
Conserving Resources expectations of Boeing, and these systems help to
operationalize safety and quality in order to meet
Reducing Waste
those expectations.
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance We incorporate safety and quality metrics into our
primary annual incentive structures, further driving
Responsible Supply Chain
our focus across the enterprise at every level of the
Enterprise Security organization. We operate with four enterprisewide
and Data Privacy operations councils focused on strengthening
quality, manufacturing, supply chain and program
management in every program. We deliver quality
Communities
through a relentless commitment to integrity,
safety and sustainability, which is fundamental
Reporting to our mission.
Learn more about our approach to quality.

The T-7A Red Hawk is manufactured with a new proactive quality
tool called Requirements Consumption Review. (Boeing photo)
“ When we send a purchase order to a
A sustainable approach to
supplier, it can be a detailed process
supplier quality success
to ensure we receive high-quality
products that meet our exacting
Boeing is expanding a new proactive quality tool called
Requirements Consumption Review (RCR) to ensure suppliers requirements. This early involvement
fully understand all requirements prior to building a product —
approach involves a cross-functional
and it’s significantly reducing waste and rework down the line
to enable first-time quality. team that works proactively with the
Why it matters: The program is having a positive impact supplier to go through the purchase
on quality.
order together, including all the critical
• Boeing conducts the review for newly designed products or technical requirements, and establish
products that have moved to a new supplier and that may
confidence and clarity from the start.
generate a defect, for example, given the part’s complexity.
It also demonstrates that we are
• RCRs have resulted in a 95% first-time quality yield, compared
to 60% for similar parts that did not involve the tool. invested in their success.”
• First deployed across Boeing’s Defense, Space & Security
Doug Ackerman, vice president of Supplier Quality
business, RCRs are now being implemented across
Commercial Airplanes and Global Services as well.

Sustainability Report
Contents Digital factory of the future
Boeing is utilizing an industry-leading technology to transform
Introduction
the way we design, test and build airplanes. Today, Boeing
engineering teams are studying how recent lessons learned
Approach & Governance from across the company could shape the factory of the
future — with digital transformation as a major driver.
People Why it matters: Stability and optimized performance
is happening.
Products & Services • Boeing’s T-7A Red Hawk team was able to build the first
several aircraft in simulations before production even
started and then join the aft and forward fuselages in less
Operations
than a half-hour, a process that would normally take days.
Quality
• Although commercial airplanes are larger and production
Sustainable Operations requirements are different from military aircraft, Boeing
teams will apply those learnings to future programs.
Operational Targets
That knowledge, combined with more than a century of
Progress
development experience on other programs, will guide
Addressing Climate
future production.
Change
It comes down to this: This will enable Boeing to predict
Conserving Resources
performance of the production system and see how changes
Reducing Waste
in the airplane design affect that performance, or vice versa.
Biodiversity and It will also allow teams to “build” the first several aircraft in a
Environmental Compliance simulation, flattening the learning curve. Supplier readiness
and success around first-time quality enables Boeing to
Responsible Supply Chain
operate more sustainably as a business.
Enterprise Security
and Data Privacy By driving quality within the supply chain, Boeing demonstrates
its commitment to sustainability by reducing rework and/or
delayed parts in the value stream to minimize time lost
Communities
and waste.
Reporting
Video: Take a look at our future factory.

“ Creating a digital twin of our factory operations will help to increase
stability and optimize performance prior to physically building a A simulated view of what
a future commercial
product. We have long used models to predict aircraft performance
factory could look like.
The concept builds off of
and refine them with test data as it comes available. Similarly, we
lessons learned from how
will build models to predict production system performance and the T-7A program operates
in St. Louis — no fixed
refine them as systems come online.” tooling, no holding fixtures.
The part becomes the tool,
Howard McKenzie, chief engineer and executive vice president of Engineering, which is a revolutionary
Test & Technology concept. (Boeing image)

[Table 1 — Page 51]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Quality Sustainable Operations Operational Targets Progress Addressing Climate Change Conserving Resources Reducing Waste Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Responsible Supply Chain Enterprise Security and Data Privacy Communities Reporting 51 |
----------------------------------------
|

Sustainability Report
Sustainable Operations
Contents
Introduction
Boeing appreciates sustainable aerospace starts inside our
four walls. We are focused on continuous improvements
Approach & Governance
in pursuit of the sustainable product life cycle across key
elements including greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and
People Scope 2), energy usage, water and waste management.
We take action to decrease our impact through renewable
energy procurement, targeted infrastructure and equipment
Products & Services
investments, efficiency standards and conservation initiatives
that include deployment of best practices and employee
Operations engagement strategies. Core to this strategy is the ongoing
engagement of our employees each year through education
Quality
and initiatives focused on ways in which they can reduce
Sustainable Operations their environmental impact at work, and at home. Boeing’s
Operational Targets environmental strategy is guided by a comprehensive review
Progress and assessment of the most significant environmental
challenges and risks facing the company, and our
Addressing Climate
environmental priorities are set with internal and external
Change
stakeholders. The analysis includes direct input and
Conserving Resources
perspectives on industry best practices and community
Reducing Waste requirements from diverse stakeholders, such as customers,
environment-focused nongovernmental organizations (NGO)
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance and the company’s global leadership. The information helps
Boeing identify and update our understanding of current and
Responsible Supply Chain
emerging sustainability issues that are critical to the company
Enterprise Security and our stakeholders. It also informs our next-generation
and Data Privacy
environmental strategy and targets.
Since 2020, Boeing has achieved net-zero GHG emissions
Communities
at manufacturing and work sites by expanding conservation
and renewable energy use while securing carefully selected,
third-party-verified offsets for the remaining greenhouse gas
Reporting
(GHG) emissions.
52 787 final assembly. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 52]
| Boeing appreciates sustainable aerospace starts inside our four walls. We are focused on continuous improvements in pursuit of the sustainable product life cycle across key elements including greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2), energy usage, water and waste management. We take action to decrease our impact through renewable energy procurement, targeted infrastructure and equipment investments, efficiency standards and conservation initiatives that include deployment of best practices and employee engagement strategies. Core to this strategy is the ongoing engagement of our employees each year through education and initiatives focused on ways in which they can reduce their environmental impact at work, and at home. Boeing’s environmental strategy is guided by a comprehensive review and assessment of the most significant environmental challenges and risks facing the company, and our environmental priorities are set with internal and external stakeholders. The analysis includes direct input and perspectives on industry best practices and community requirements from diverse stakeholders, such as customers, environment-focused nongovernmental organizations (NGO) and the company’s global leadership. The information helps Boeing identify and update our understanding of current and emerging sustainability issues that are critical to the company and our stakeholders. It also informs our next-generation environmental strategy and targets. Since 2020, Boeing has achieved net-zero GHG emissions at manufacturing and work sites by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for the remaining greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Operationa
Contents
Introduction
Boeing invests in sustainable
operations to reduce the
Approach & Governance
impact of our manufacturing
sites and is focused on
People conserving resources.
We prioritize reducing
emissions, energy, water
Products & Services
and waste throughout
our global operations and
Operations have set 2025 waypoints
toward 2030 goals to share
Quality
our progress and remain
Sustainable Operations accountable as we increase
production. Boeing’s
Operational Targets
Progress sustainable operations
strategy is managed within
Addressing Climate
the Global Enterprise
Change
Sustainability organization,
Conserving Resources
in close partnership with
Reducing Waste stakeholders across the
enterprise. Through our
Biodiversity and
Sustainable Operations
Environmental Compliance
subcouncil, we track
Responsible Supply Chain
performance across the
Enterprise Security enterprise and at the site
and Data Privacy level to assess our progress,
identify challenges and
opportunities, and share
Communities
best practices.
Reporting

al Targets Progress
Performance Area1 2025 Targets vs. 20172 2022 Progress Toward 2025 Targets and Drivers 2030 Targets3
31% Reduction
Greenhouse • Net-zero emissions.4
Reduce emissions Procurement of renewable energy and renewable energy
Gas by 25%1 credits, low commercial production activity and infrastructure • 55% GHG reduction from 2017.
Emissions • 100% renewable electricity.
investments.
Reduce energy
11% Reduction
consumption (natural
Energy5 gas, other fuels and Conservation initiatives, infrastructure investments, remote • 10% energy reduction from 2025.
working conditions and reduced production activity.
electricity) by 10%
Reduce water 19% Reduction
Water6 withdrawal by 20% Increased water intake efficiencies and low • 5% reduction from 2025.
production activity.
• 30% reduction in solid waste produced
40% Reduction from 2025.
S W o a l s id te 7 R to e l d a u n c d e fi ll s b o y lid 2 w 0% as te C an o d n s re e m rv o at t i e o n w i o n r i k ti i a n t g iv e c s o , n v d e it n io d n o s r . management • Over 90% diversion from landfill or incineration.
• Zero solid waste to landfill certification where
applicable at major sites.
Reduce 9% Reduction
Hazardous
hazardous Projects to reduce unused and expired materials, • 5% hazardous waste reduction from 2025.
Waste8
waste by 5% and partnerships to reduce waste generation.
1. O perational goals shown are absolute targets and not indexed to production levels or growth. 2022 performance was affected by changes associated with occupancy and operations during the COVID-19
pandemic, as well as conservation and changes in how Boeing purchases energy. The targets were established against a 2017 base year. The 2025 goals will act as a milestone to guide actions and
progress to the 2030 goals.
2. A ll 2025 reduction goals were set with an operational boundary of the Core Metric Sites, which represent the majority (70%) of Boeing’s operations, and includes emissions from electricity use and natural gas.
3. The 2030 reduction goals set with an operational boundary of The Boeing Company and includes all Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
4. The net-zero achievement covers Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for all manufacturing and work sites within the company’s operational control as well as Scope 3, business travel. This is achieved
by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for the remaining greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
5. Energy includes natural gas, other fuels and electricity.
6. Water data represents approximately 84% of operations square footage.
7. Solid waste numbers represent values determined from scale-weighed containers as well as calculated weights. Nonhazardous solid waste is sent to landfill for disposal. This measure applies to all waste
streams where Boeing is responsible for waste disposal service as a normal part of daily operations (excludes remediation and construction-related waste).
8. Hazardous waste is determined from U.S. EPA hazardous manifest or equivalent government shipping documents. All types of hazardous wastes that are generated at a facility and are discarded from
the site for disposal, and would be considered part of the environmental footprint of the site. Actual tons of all Production or routine wastes shipped as hazardous waste (excludes remediation and
construction-related waste).

[Table 1 — Page 53]
| Boeing invests in sustainable operations to reduce the impact of our manufacturing sites and is focused on conserving resources. We prioritize reducing emissions, energy, water and waste throughout our global operations and have set 2025 waypoints toward 2030 goals to share our progress and remain accountable as we increase production. Boeing’s sustainable operations strategy is managed within the Global Enterprise Sustainability organization, in close partnership with stakeholders across the enterprise. Through our Sustainable Operations subcouncil, we track performance across the enterprise and at the site level to assess our progress, identify challenges and opportunities, and share best practices.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 53]
Greenhouse Gas Emissions | Reduce emissions by 25%1 | 31% Reduction Procurement of renewable energy and renewable energy credits, low commercial production activity and infrastructure investments. | • Net-zero emissions.4 • 55% GHG reduction from 2017. • 100% renewable electricity.
----------------------------------------
Energy5 | Reduce energy consumption (natural gas, other fuels and electricity) by 10% | 11% Reduction Conservation initiatives, infrastructure investments, remote working conditions and reduced production activity. | • 10% energy reduction from 2025.
Water6 | Reduce water withdrawal by 20% | 19% Reduction Increased water intake efficiencies and low production activity. | • 5% reduction from 2025.
Solid Waste7 | Reduce solid waste to landfill by 20% | 40% Reduction Conservation initiatives, vendor management and remote working conditions. | • 30% reduction in solid waste produced from 2025. • Over 90% diversion from landfill or incineration. • Zero solid waste to landfill certification where applicable at major sites.
Hazardous Waste8 | Reduce hazardous waste by 5% | 9% Reduction Projects to reduce unused and expired materials, and partnerships to reduce waste generation. | • 5% hazardous waste reduction from 2025.

[Table 3 — Page 53]

----------------------------------------


Sustainability Report
Addressing Climate Change
Contents
Introduction
We consider climate change to be an urgent issue. We and updated throughout the reporting year. The emissions
support the goals of the Paris Agreement and encourage our factors for these energy sources are validated at least
Approach & Governance
value chain partners to do the same. Boeing achieved net- annually and updated when appropriate following guidance
zero carbon emissions at manufacturing and other work sites from the World Resources Institute GHG Protocol. The energy
and in business travel in 2022 for the third consecutive year, data and emissions factors are verified as part of a third-party
People
by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while limited assurance process.
securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for the
For the third year in a row, Boeing has achieved net-zero
Products & Services remaining greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Boeing strives
GHG emissions at manufacturing and work sites by
to reduce operational GHG emissions, both during times of
implementing high-impact conservation investments,
growth and during times of challenge. Our strategy for Scope
Operations emphasizing and incentivizing conservation practices by
1 and Scope 2 emissions, which we detail in the following
employees, and increasing renewable electricity use while
Quality section, aligns to a 1.5 degrees Celsius global warming
securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for
Sustainable Operations potential scenario, in support of the global climate goals.
the remaining GHG emissions.
Operational Targets To achieve our goals related to the climate and to GHG, we
Progress actively monitor emissions, fuel use and energy efficiency. In 2022:
Addressing Climate We have set 2030 targets for performance in each of these • 2025 GHG Target Progress: Boeing had a 31% reduction
Change areas that aim to reduce absolute emissions, maintain net- in GHG emissions compared to 2017. GHG emissions
zero emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2, and increase our were 8% lower than anticipated for the year. Procurement
Conserving Resources
adoption of renewable energy sources. As part of Boeing’s of renewable energy and renewable energy credits,
Reducing Waste business continuity program, we also monitor the length and low commercial production activity and infrastructure
Biodiversity and severity of business interruptions. The scope of monitoring investments contributed to reduction in emissions from
Environmental Compliance includes damaging weather, natural disasters, pandemics and the operational footprint. The implementation of long-lasting
public health crises. It helps us understand how to increase infrastructure improvements and the contracting of renewable
Responsible Supply Chain
resiliency in light of a changing climate. energy allow us to build on emissions reductions each year.
Enterprise Security
and Data Privacy Enterprise GHG emissions from operations are calculated • 2025 Energy Reduction Target Progress: Boeing had a
after the conclusion of the reporting year. However, the 11% reduction in energy consumed compared to 2017.
emissions from natural gas and electricity usage at Core Energy consumption was 6% lower than anticipated for
Communities
Metric Sites are calculated and monitored on a monthly basis the year due to the impact of conservation initiatives,
through the use of utility bills and are continuously validated infrastructure investments, remote work and reduced
Reporting production activity.

Boeing’s Pollinator Prairie in Kansas. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 54]
| We consider climate change to be an urgent issue. We and updated throughout the reporting year. The emissions support the goals of the Paris Agreement and encourage our factors for these energy sources are validated at least value chain partners to do the same. Boeing achieved net- annually and updated when appropriate following guidance zero carbon emissions at manufacturing and other work sites from the World Resources Institute GHG Protocol. The energy and in business travel in 2022 for the third consecutive year, data and emissions factors are verified as part of a third-party by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while limited assurance process. securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for the For the third year in a row, Boeing has achieved net-zero remaining greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Boeing strives GHG emissions at manufacturing and work sites by to reduce operational GHG emissions, both during times of implementing high-impact conservation investments, growth and during times of challenge. Our strategy for Scope emphasizing and incentivizing conservation practices by 1 and Scope 2 emissions, which we detail in the following employees, and increasing renewable electricity use while section, aligns to a 1.5 degrees Celsius global warming securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for potential scenario, in support of the global climate goals. the remaining GHG emissions. To achieve our goals related to the climate and to GHG, we In 2022: actively monitor emissions, fuel use and energy efficiency. We have set 2030 targets for performance in each of these • 2025 GHG Target Progress: Boeing had a 31% reduction areas that aim to reduce absolute emissions, maintain net- in GHG emissions compared to 2017. GHG emissions zero emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2, and increase our were 8% lower than anticipated for the year. Procurement adoption of renewable energy sources. As part of Boeing’s of renewable energy and renewable energy credits, business continuity program, we also monitor the length and low commercial production activity and infrastructure severity of business interruptions. The scope of monitoring investments contributed to reduction in emissions from includes damaging weather, natural disasters, pandemics and the operational footprint. The implementation of long-lasting public health crises. It helps us understand how to increase infrastructure improvements and the contracting of renewable resiliency in light of a changing climate. energy allow us to build on emissions reductions each year. Enterprise GHG emissions from operations are calculated • 2025 Energy Reduction Target Progress: Boeing had a after the conclusion of the reporting year. However, the 11% reduction in energy consumed compared to 2017. emissions from natural gas and electricity usage at Core Energy consumption was 6% lower than anticipated for Metric Sites are calculated and monitored on a monthly basis the year due to the impact of conservation initiatives, through the use of utility bills and are continuously validated infrastructure investments, remote work and reduced production activity. |
----------------------------------------
| | Boeing’s Pollinator Prairie in Kansas. (Boeing photo)
| |

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance “S ustainability is something everyone
should be thinking about. What
People kind of planet do you want to leave
behind for future generations?”
Products & Services
Gregory Kurth, Mesa site facility maintenance
engineer, Facilities & Asset Management
Operations
Quality
Sustainable Operations
Operational Targets
Progress
Addressing Climate Boeing facilities prioritize U.S.:
Boeing expanded its strong presence in Europe with
Change
• Mesa, Arizona, recently completed construction of a a new state-of-the art distribution warehouse near
conservation, energy efficiency
Conserving Resources new composites manufacturing facility. A quarter of the Hamburg, Germany. (Boeing photo)
Reducing Waste and renewable energy electricity used at the site is solar power. This partnership
between Boeing and the Salt River Project brings the
Biodiversity and
company closer to achieving its 2030 goal of 100%
Environmental Compliance As energy consumption gives rise to GHG emissions, It comes down to this: Boeing will continue
renewable electricity.
conservation and energy reduction measures help achieve to invest in conservation and renewable energy
Responsible Supply Chain
both energy and GHG reductions. • Switching to LED lighting in Boeing’s Everett, Washington; projects to advance the company’s operational
Enterprise Security Frederickson, Washington; and El Segundo, California, environmental goals.
and Data Privacy Creating sustainable facilities:
facilities is driving an annual recurring savings of 25.3
Germany: Boeing’s new distribution center in Hamburg million kilowatt-hours, which is equivalent to powering
Communities meets high sustainability standards and will be seeking Gold more than 2,300 U.S. homes per year.
certification from the German Sustainable Building Council. To
India: Boeing’s new engineering and technology campus in
minimize the environmental footprint, the building is equipped
Bengaluru will leverage multiple design elements, including
Reporting
with a heat pump and a photovoltaic system will be installed
efficient ventilation systems, LED lighting, rainwater
on the roof in the later half of 2023.
recovery and solar power generation.

[Table 1 — Page 55]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Quality Sustainable Operations Operational Targets Progress Addressing Climate Change Conserving Resources Reducing Waste Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Responsible Supply Chain Enterprise Security and Data Privacy Communities Reporting 55 |
----------------------------------------
| ce nce ain

Sustainability Report
Conserving Resources
Contents
Introduction
Engaging Employees in Conservation
Boeing has implemented multiple approaches to encourage the workforce
Approach & Governance
to support conservation by fostering sustainable behaviors. Employees are
a source of innovation; champions of projects and their combined actions
People contribute to achieving Boeing’s goals.
The programs that Boeing utilizes to get employees involved and contribute
Products & Services to the enterprise sustainability goals are designed to reach all aspects of the
workforce (Page 12). Elements of sustainability are embedded within the Boeing
Production system content and linked to Lean methodologies that eliminate
Operations
waste and promote more efficient, sustainable practices within operations.
Quality Additionally, Boeing provides behavior change training and encourages
recognition programs to help employees develop sustainable habits and
Sustainable Operations
reward them for their efforts.
Operational Targets
Progress The approaches used include elements of gamification, which involves
turning sustainable behaviors into fun and engaging programs. Key employee
Addressing Climate
engagement avenues include:
Change
Conserving Resources • The Conservation Best Practices program, which is deployed across the
enterprise to prioritize reducing energy, water and waste at our largest areas
Reducing Waste
of operation.
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance • The Energy Star Battle of the Buildings competition to encourage employees
to work together toward our sustainability goals and promote a culture of
Responsible Supply Chain
environmental stewardship.
Enterprise Security
• Aerospace Sustainability Foundations Training, an internal credential
and Data Privacy
training that allows employees to learn more about sustainable aerospace
and practices and how they can incorporate them into their work.
Communities
By emphasizing employee engagement throughout the sustainability programs,
Boeing is benefiting local communities and utilizing the capabilities of its diverse
Reporting workforce to achieve its operational sustainability goals.

Earth Month photo contest winners
Boeing’s Earth Month celebrations included a photo contest. Participants
had the opportunity to submit a photograph with a description of what
sustainability means to them.
Winner: Kaitlin Brush
Brevig, BCA, Interiors
Responsibility Center
For Kaitlin, sustainability
means being able to find
secret beauty in nature,
without negatively affecting
it. Photo entitled “Fog
Camano,” located in the
Puget Sound.
Runner-Up: Katie Ziegler,
777 Fleet Chief Office
For Katie, sustainability
includes protecting the honey
bees that pollinate plants,
sustaining food sources for
humans and animals. Factors
threatening honey bees include
pesticides, disease and their
natural predators like the giant
hornet. Making honey bees a
regulatory and lifestyle priority
is critical.

[Table 1 — Page 56]
| Engaging Employees in Conservation Boeing has implemented multiple approaches to encourage the workforce to support conservation by fostering sustainable behaviors. Employees are a source of innovation; champions of projects and their combined actions contribute to achieving Boeing’s goals. The programs that Boeing utilizes to get employees involved and contribute to the enterprise sustainability goals are designed to reach all aspects of the workforce (Page 12). Elements of sustainability are embedded within the Boeing Production system content and linked to Lean methodologies that eliminate waste and promote more efficient, sustainable practices within operations. Additionally, Boeing provides behavior change training and encourages recognition programs to help employees develop sustainable habits and reward them for their efforts. The approaches used include elements of gamification, which involves turning sustainable behaviors into fun and engaging programs. Key employee engagement avenues include: • The Conservation Best Practices program, which is deployed across the enterprise to prioritize reducing energy, water and waste at our largest areas of operation. • The Energy Star Battle of the Buildings competition to encourage employees to work together toward our sustainability goals and promote a culture of environmental stewardship. • Aerospace Sustainability Foundations Training, an internal credential training that allows employees to learn more about sustainable aerospace and practices and how they can incorporate them into their work. By emphasizing employee engagement throughout the sustainability programs, Boeing is benefiting local communities and utilizing the capabilities of its diverse workforce to achieve its operational sustainability goals.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Employees more than double goal in annual conservation competition
Introduction While Boeing focuses on conservation reducing carbon emissions by not driving 7.8 • BGS
every day, the company hosts an annual million miles (12.6 million kilometers). Top “ When employees engage
• Everett, Washington
competition starting on Earth Day in April to 60-second actions included using refillable
in taking 60 seconds for
Approach & Governance encourage Boeing employees to take daily water bottles, recycling and turning off • San Antonio
actions that advance sustainable operations. equipment not in use. the environment, we
• Winnipeg, Canada
People Employees across the globe took more Winners from across the globe: • Seattle Spares Distribution know it cuts costs, helps
than 231,000 60-second actions for the The Battle of the Buildings competition Center protect the environment
environment from Earth Day on April 22 to among sites was based on the number of
Products & Services May 31, 2022. This was the equivalent of actions per capita and the winners in each • Berlin and gives employees a
category were:
sense of belonging,
Operations
drive and purpose.”
Quality
Sustainable Operations Steve Shestag, director, Sustainable
Operations, Global Enterprise
Operational Targets
Sustainability
Progress
Addressing Climate
Change
Conserving Resources
Reducing Waste
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance
Responsible Supply Chain
Enterprise Security
and Data Privacy
Always with quality and pride, the Boeing
Communities
Spares Distribution Center employees in
SeaTac, Washington, step up as Battle of
the Buildings winners, including (left to right):
Reporting
April Nelson, Steven Yaummarath, Jo Dollente,
Brandon Stanfield, Justin Roberts, Brett
Nichols and AJ Flores. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 57]
nce s es iance hain | Employees more than double goal in annual conservation competition While Boeing focuses on conservation reducing carbon emissions by not driving 7.8 • BGS every day, the company hosts an annual million miles (12.6 million kilometers). Top “ When employees engage • Everett, Washington competition starting on Earth Day in April to 60-second actions included using refillable in taking 60 seconds for encourage Boeing employees to take daily water bottles, recycling and turning off • San Antonio actions that advance sustainable operations. equipment not in use. the environment, we • Winnipeg, Canada Employees across the globe took more Winners from across the globe: • Seattle Spares Distribution know it cuts costs, helps than 231,000 60-second actions for the The Battle of the Buildings competition Center protect the environment environment from Earth Day on April 22 to among sites was based on the number of May 31, 2022. This was the equivalent of actions per capita and the winners in each • Berlin and gives employees a category were: sense of belonging, drive and purpose.” Steve Shestag, director, Sustainable Operations, Global Enterprise Sustainability Always with quality and pride, the Boeing Spares Distribution Center employees in SeaTac, Washington, step up as Battle of the Buildings winners, including (left to right): April Nelson, Steven Yaummarath, Jo Dollente, Brandon Stanfield, Justin Roberts, Brett Nichols and AJ Flores. (Boeing photo)
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 57]
in taking 60 seconds for the environment, we know it cuts costs, helps protect the environment and gives employees a sense of belonging, drive and purpose.” Steve Shestag, director, Sustainable Operations, Global Enterprise Sustainability
----------------------------------------


Sustainability Report
Reducing Waste
Contents
Introduction
Boeing is making strides to protect the land, water and air in our communities
by reducing waste from work sites and our supply chain. Waste streams are as
Approach & Governance
complex as our facilities, which range from office space to part fabrication to
assembly of aircraft and space vehicles. Solid waste includes material that has
been discarded or abandoned or that is no longer useful or usable and has been
People
designated for removal. Items that are reused or reclaimed are excluded from
solid waste. Boeing has dedicated teams working to prevent waste from going
Products & Services to landfills and to assess opportunities to return or reuse packaging for parts.
Boeing generates hazardous waste primarily from a variety of research,
Operations manufacturing and facilities maintenance processes. Hazardous waste may
be recycled upstream or downstream, as on-site or off-site reclamation and
Quality
avoided generation through processes that extend useful life of consumable
Sustainable Operations
chemicals to avoid hazardous waste. We look to reduce hazardous waste
Operational Targets in upstream activities by preventing or reducing the amount of hazardous
Progress waste generated through extending system life through contaminant removal.
Downstream, we look at hazardous waste generated from site operations.
Addressing Climate
Change We implement several recycling and recovery activities to reduce the need
for new chemicals.
Conserving Resources
Reducing Waste Progress Toward 2025 Hazardous and Nonhazardous
Waste Goals
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance • Solid Waste – 40% reduction compared to 2017. The continued trend of
increased remote working conditions influences the overall reduction in
Responsible Supply Chain
solid waste. Conservation initiatives and vendor management continue to be
Enterprise Security
opportunities to drive further reductions.
and Data Privacy
• Hazardous Waste – 9% reduction compared to 2017. Hazardous waste
was 1% higher than anticipated during the year. Benefits from implementing
Communities
conservation initiatives were outweighed by key events across the enterprise,
including a historical flood event in St. Louis, which caused an unplanned
increase in hazardous waste disposal from a water treatment system.
Reporting

The Stingray gets Lean A focus on the customer: “We know what Lean
means to our Navy customer — operational
As the U.S. Navy’s uncrewed aerial refueler, excellence, stability and execution,” Troy
the MQ-25 Stingray is a model of efficiency, Rutherford, MQ-25 vice president and program
in the air and on the production line. manager. “When we focus on removing waste
from the system and listening to those who
The digitally engineered aircraft features
do the work, then production, innovation and
a highly efficient engine and lightweight
creativity all take a huge leap forward. We’re
composite skin, allowing it to stay in the
excited to be the first program to engage with
air much longer, using little fuel itself to
the Lean workshops.”
complete its mission.
What is Lean? Lean is a way of thinking
Within the factory setting, robotic automation
and acting that enables us to solve problems
and advanced assembly techniques eliminate
and continually improve. It is the foundation
the need for drilling during aircraft assembly.
of Boeing’s production system and embraces
just-in-time delivery, error-free production
Now, the futuristic aircraft is setting new
and continuous flow. Lean helps spot and
standards for efficiency with a renewed
eliminate waste, wherever it is found, which
focus on reducing waste through
also reduces costs.
Lean manufacturing.
Across Boeing’s production system, teams
are building momentum with Lean principles.
The MQ-25 is the first program within Boeing The MQ-25 Stingray is an uncrewed aircraft
system, designed for the U.S. Navy, providing
Defense, Space & Security to undergo a
robust refueling capability. (Boeing photo)
renewed focus on Lean.

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Facilities & Asset Management Reclamation team member
Jon Kelley is Boeing’s 2022 Environment Champion.
Approach & Governance (Boeing photo)
People
Boeing Recognizes 2022
Environment Champion
Products & Services
Jon Kelley, Facilities & Asset Management Reclamation
team member, brings heart, commitment and skill to
Operations reduce waste to landfill, conserve valuable resources
and ensure the company is compliant with regulations
Quality
that protect the environment and the public.
Sustainable Operations
In 2022, Kelley was recognized as the Environment
Operational Targets
Champion for his environmental passion and 40 years
Progress
of commitment to Boeing. Throughout his career, Kelley
Addressing Climate has done more than his job required for conservation
Change
and protection of the environment and public safety. By
Conserving Resources doing this, he has helped Boeing’s Puget Sound sites
maximize the conservation of materials and properly
Reducing Waste
handle regulated materials, while providing guidance to
Biodiversity and
business partners.
Environmental Compliance
Kelley constantly redefines his job by raising the bar
Responsible Supply Chain
of efficiency and standard of quality. Leaning on his
Enterprise Security
decades of experience, Kelley has helped to develop
and Data Privacy
tools and training methods to increase his team’s
efficiency without compromising safety or quality. He
Communities further demonstrates his commitment to sustainability
by training and inspiring employees to prioritize
conservation and cross-functional collaboration.
Reporting
Kelley humbly describes his work as simply: “Doing
the right thing to keep things out of the landfill.”

Boeing honors employees
who embrace environment Reducing water consumption
Employee innovation recognized: Below is a sampling Boeing sets rigorous water use reduction targets at our
of the 15 environmental leader winners in six categories that manufacturing sites to preserve this natural resource for
focused on reducing waste, energy and water use. the environment and our communities. Boeing’s water is
sourced from local public utilities (surface, ground and
• In Everett, Washington, 260 Boeing employees from
reclaimed water) and company generation (on-site well,
40 organizations generated 1,800 sustainability ideas to
on-site reclamation and rain capture). This sourced water
consider for future products in a “sustainability lab.”
supports manufacturing, sanitation, drinking water,
• Seattle employees reclaimed about 2,500 gallons of cooling and irrigation across the company. The majority
water per day at the Seattle Developmental Center by of our water is from public water supply systems, and
reconfiguring piping and installing a more efficient system. most consumption measurement is from water system
revenue-grade meters. Water used within our facilities is
• Winnipeg employees conserved electricity equivalent to
discharged to public sanitary sewer systems. In some
60 homes’ annual use by installing occupancy sensors and
cases, Boeing pre-treats wastewater before discharging
upgrading LED lights, saving almost 720,000 kWh yearly.
it to public sanitary sewer systems, in compliance with
• A Mesa team worked with the local utility company to regulatory requirements. Boeing does not set voluntary
lessen demand on high peak utility days during summer effluent discharge standards beyond those set
months by programming the Building Automation System by regulation.
to improve processes and generate 5,400 kWh, which
Boeing specialists work to identify efficiencies, best
earned rebates of $30,000 annually.
practices and new technologies to reduce water use and
• An Everett team reduced the amount of solvents required identify alternatives. We monitor irregularities that may
to flush paint pumps by removing filter housing. The result
require action and created a Conservation Best Practice
cut solvent use by 12 gallons per airplane and more than
program to minimize water use, applying many water
10,000 pounds per year, saving almost $19,000.
management techniques endorsed by the U.S.
• In Chennai, India, employees reduced GHG emissions by Environmental Protection Agency.
consolidating shipments and transitioning from air to sea
In 2022, we achieved a 19% reduction compared to
shipments for India suppliers.
consumption in 2017. Water consumption was 7% lower
than anticipated with sites implementing conservation
initiatives to increase water intake efficiencies and with
Boeing subsidiary Liquid
Robotics was recognized production activity remaining low. Building off the
for its Wave Glider Ocean reductions seen by 2025, Boeing will transition to an
Microplastics Demonstrator absolute reduction goal to focus on the most waterproject for ocean plastics
intensive processes across the company.
education and demonstrated
the company’s commitment to
sustainability. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 59]
| |
----------------------------------------
| Facilities & Asset Management Reclamation team member Jon Kelley is Boeing’s 2022 Environment Champion. (Boeing photo) |
| Boeing Recognizes 2022 Environment Champion Jon Kelley, Facilities & Asset Management Reclamation team member, brings heart, commitment and skill to reduce waste to landfill, conserve valuable resources and ensure the company is compliant with regulations that protect the environment and the public. In 2022, Kelley was recognized as the Environment Champion for his environmental passion and 40 years of commitment to Boeing. Throughout his career, Kelley has done more than his job required for conservation and protection of the environment and public safety. By doing this, he has helped Boeing’s Puget Sound sites maximize the conservation of materials and properly handle regulated materials, while providing guidance to business partners. Kelley constantly redefines his job by raising the bar of efficiency and standard of quality. Leaning on his decades of experience, Kelley has helped to develop tools and training methods to increase his team’s efficiency without compromising safety or quality. He further demonstrates his commitment to sustainability by training and inspiring employees to prioritize conservation and cross-functional collaboration. Kelley humbly describes his work as simply: “Doing the right thing to keep things out of the landfill.” |
| | Boeing subsidiary Liquid Robotics was recognized for its Wave Glider Ocean Microplastics Demonstrator project for ocean plastics education and demonstrated the company’s commitment to sustainability. (Boeing photo)

Sustainability Report
Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance
Contents
Sustaining biodiversity from Seattle to Charleston
Introduction
Boeing owns thousands of acres of habitat across five locations that
are being protected or restored. Each habitat is actively managed The big picture: The WHC helps companies like
Approach & Governance and maintained by site employees, nonprofit organizations or Boeing advance biodiversity, sustainability, employee
contract biologists. For some locations, additional agreements engagement and community relations goals with
and monitoring are in place to ensure all legal, contractual and programs that translate sustainability goals and
People
certification requirements are met. objectives into tangible and measurable on-the-ground
actions. WHC Awards recognize programs and projects
Each habitat is certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC), with
Products & Services that demonstrate excellence in corporate conservation.
three certified at the Gold level. The WHC’s certification program is
Boeing’s restored Emery Landfill in Wichita, Kansas,
the only voluntary sustainability standard designed for broad-based 5.85
was recognized with three awards in 2022 (see left
Operations biodiversity enhancement and conservation education activities on column for details). acres of marine habitat,
corporate landholdings. Boeing Plant 2, Seattle, Washington
Quality
Sustainable Operations
1.5
Operational Targets
acres of pollinator
Progress
gardens, Pollinator Prairie,
Addressing Climate
Olathe, Kansas
Change
Conserving Resources
2,668
Reducing Waste acres of diverse habitat,
Biodiversity and Santa Susana, Canoga Park, California
Environmental Compliance
Responsible Supply Chain • Avian Project Award: Awarded to Boeing for monitoring targeted
species and food sources — and being managed by adapting to the
Enterprise Security
environment. The Grasshopper Sparrow is also a happy recipient.
and Data Privacy
• Grasslands Project Award: Awarded to Boeing for monitoring of
vegetation, wildlife use of vegetation, wildlife use and evaluation to
Communities
create next steps for the project.
• Pollinator Project Award: Awarded to Boeing for monitoring targeted
Reporting 3,923 82
species and food sources yearly, and recognizes a policy integrated into
overall site operations to minimize, eliminate or apply responsible use acres, Keystone/Fairlawn acres, Emery Landfill, Wichita,
60 practices of pesticides and herbicides. Project, North Charleston, Boeing South Kansas (including 56.5 acres of grassland)
Carolina (including 2,025 acres of wetland)

[Table 1 — Page 60]
Boeing owns thousands of acres of habitat across five locations that are being protected or restored. Each habitat is actively managed and maintained by site employees, nonprofit organizations or contract biologists. For some locations, additional agreements and monitoring are in place to ensure all legal, contractual and certification requirements are met. Each habitat is certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC), with three certified at the Gold level. The WHC’s certification program is the only voluntary sustainability standard designed for broad-based biodiversity enhancement and conservation education activities on corporate landholdings.
----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 60]
The big picture: The WHC helps companies like Boeing advance biodiversity, sustainability, employee engagement and community relations goals with programs that translate sustainability goals and objectives into tangible and measurable on-the-ground actions. WHC Awards recognize programs and projects that demonstrate excellence in corporate conservation. Boeing’s restored Emery Landfill in Wichita, Kansas, was recognized with three awards in 2022 (see left column for details). | |
----------------------------------------
| |
| |

[Table 3 — Page 60]
3,923 acres, Keystone/Fairlawn Project, North Charleston, Boeing South Carolina (including 2,025 acres of wetland) | | 82 acres, Emery Landfill, Wichita, Kansas (including 56.5 acres of grassland)
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Boeing biodiversity efforts research that would not be possible, or practical,
otherwise. 2021 Environment Champion, Kristin
are virtual with real impact
Marshall, has organized monthly online Zooniverse
Introduction
events with employees.
Boeing encouraged virtual volunteering for employees
Engagement in 2022: In 2022, 186 employees
during the pandemic, including, Zooniverse — the largest
Approach & Governance
volunteered 420 hours through Zooniverse,
platform for people-powered research where over a
spotting and identifying animals, and generating
million volunteers assist professional researchers to
thousands of dollars in gift-matching by Boeing’s
People amplify their biodiversity, and other work, to advance
gift-match program.
science and the humanities.
It comes down to this: A wide range of animals,
Products & Services Why it matters: Organizations like Zooniverse
plants and microorganisms create the healthy
accelerate important research by volunteers and
ecosystems that all living beings depend on for
professionals making real discoveries together. Boeing
Operations clean air, land and water. This research results in new
volunteers access photos captured in various habitats to
discoveries, data sets useful to the wider research
Quality identify species and their activities. The goal is to enable
community and many publications.
Sustainable Operations
Operational Targets
Progress “ Boeing’s work with Zooniverse
Addressing Climate underscores two important lessons.
Change
Many hands make light work and
Conserving Resources
biodiversity reminds us that we’re part
Reducing Waste
of something bigger than ourselves.”
Biodiversity and
Environmental Compliance
Chris Raymond, Chief Sustainability Officer
Responsible Supply Chain
Enterprise Security
and Data Privacy
Communities
Reporting
Wildwatch Kenya tracks giraffes in Northern Kenya conservation areas, along with the other animals that share the habitat, like the
plains zebra, to better understand the behavior, movements and population numbers of the wildlife found there. (Adobe photo)

Environmental Compliance is Good
for Business, People and the Planet
A fundamental element of Boeing’s environmental policy is
to maintain regulatory compliance. When noncompliance is
identified in our environmental management systems, Boeing
evaluates and analyzes the incident, implements corrective
actions and shares process improvements to build the
learning into the organization.
Boeing paid one significant environmental penalty in 2022,
where “significant” is determined by a fine greater than
$10,000. At the end of 2021, stormwater samples collected
at the Santa Susana Field Lab exceeded the site-specific
permit limits for copper, chronic toxicity, iron, manganese,
dioxin (TCDD), and biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) at
one or more outfalls. The penalty incurred was $22,000.
The site experienced high-intensity rain events in the fourth
quarter of 2021 that resulted in higher-than-normal rates of
erosion from the site; the excess levels are believed to be
attributable to natural sources — such as increased erosion
of natural soils, decaying vegetation or waterfowl waste — and
nonindustrial sources — such as road runoff and soils adjacent
to telephone/utility poles. Excess copper and chronic toxicity
were not attributed to an identifiable source and were episodic
in nature where laboratory error was suspected.
On July 26, 2022, a significant rainfall event in the St. Louis
region caused flooding that impacted the St. Louis site
Industrial Wastewater Treatment Plant (IWTP). Floodwaters
overtopped the IWTP, resulting in a release of untreated
wastewater and associated sludges, as well as approximately
100 gallons of diesel fuel from a ruptured above-ground
storage tank. The release was reported to the Missouri
Department of Natural Resources, the National Response
Center, and the St. Louis Metropolitan Sewer District, and
appropriate response actions were completed after the
flooding subsided.

[Table 1 — Page 61]
| 2023 Boeing Sustainability Report |
----------------------------------------
| Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Quality Sustainable Operations Operational Targets Progress Addressing Climate Change Conserving Resources Reducing Waste Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Responsible Supply Chain Enterprise Security and Data Privacy Communities Reporting 61 | Boeing biodiversity efforts research that would not be possible, or practical, otherwise. 2021 Environment Champion, Kristin are virtual with real impact Marshall, has organized monthly online Zooniverse events with employees. Boeing encouraged virtual volunteering for employees Engagement in 2022: In 2022, 186 employees during the pandemic, including, Zooniverse — the largest volunteered 420 hours through Zooniverse, platform for people-powered research where over a spotting and identifying animals, and generating million volunteers assist professional researchers to thousands of dollars in gift-matching by Boeing’s amplify their biodiversity, and other work, to advance gift-match program. science and the humanities. It comes down to this: A wide range of animals, Why it matters: Organizations like Zooniverse plants and microorganisms create the healthy accelerate important research by volunteers and ecosystems that all living beings depend on for professionals making real discoveries together. Boeing clean air, land and water. This research results in new volunteers access photos captured in various habitats to discoveries, data sets useful to the wider research identify species and their activities. The goal is to enable community and many publications. “ Boeing’s work with Zooniverse underscores two important lessons. Many hands make light work and biodiversity reminds us that we’re part of something bigger than ourselves.” Chris Raymond, Chief Sustainability Officer Wildwatch Kenya tracks giraffes in Northern Kenya conservation areas, along with the other animals that share the habitat, like the plains zebra, to better understand the behavior, movements and population numbers of the wildlife found there. (Adobe photo)

[Table 2 — Page 61]
“ Boeing’s work with Zooniverse underscores two important lessons. Many hands make light work and biodiversity reminds us that we’re part of something bigger than ourselves.” Chris Raymond, Chief Sustainability Officer
----------------------------------------


Sustainability Report
Responsible S
Contents
Introduction
Responsible supply chain practices are
key to advancing industry sustainability
Approach & Governance standards. It requires transparency about
business processes and supplied goods,
meeting stakeholder expectations,
People
addressing regulations, and creating
positive environmental and social impact.
Products & Services Boeing is driving a holistic approach to
responsible supply chain practices that
align with the Organisation for Economic
Operations
Co-operation and Development’s Due
Quality Diligence Guidance for Responsible
Business Conduct.
Sustainable Operations
Operational Targets In 2021, we co-founded an industry
Progress effort through the International Aerospace
Environmental Group (IAEG) to establish
Addressing Climate
a voluntary sectoral framework for ESG
Change
engagement, including assessment and
Conserving Resources
awareness, throughout the aerospace
Reducing Waste manufacturing industry.
Biodiversity and Ethical, responsible and sustainable
Environmental Compliance
business conduct is at the core of how
Responsible Supply Chain Boeing operates. These core principles
extend to our suppliers. The Boeing
Enterprise Security
Supplier Code of Conduct, based on the
and Data Privacy
International Forum on Business Ethical
Conduct for the Aerospace and Defense
Communities Industry’s model code, provides suppliers
with a set of responsible business conduct
expectations consistent with our policies,
Reporting
principles and sustainability efforts.
Read our Supplier Code of Conduct here.

Supply Chain
Stepping up for sustainability: “ Boeing seeks to ensure that our supply chain
Boeing deploys supplier operates ethically, sources responsibly and creates
economic opportunities for diverse communities.
assessments
An industry voluntary approach is key for efficiency
Boeing is taking the next step to advance sustainability
and demonstrating ESG maturity to customers,
efforts by deploying an industry voluntary approach to
investors and regulators.”
sustainability assessments established by the IAEG and
implemented by EcoVadis. This allows Boeing to address
William Ampofo, chair, Boeing Supply Chain Operations
sustainability considerations in procurement processes and
Council, and vice president, Parts & Distribution Services
manage risk in its supply chain.
and Supply Chain, Boeing Global Services
Why it matters:
• As an IAEG founding member, Boeing played a fundamental
• Boeing has an opportunity to help influence and drive
role in the selection of EcoVadis, a sustainability rating platform,
positive sustainability change because of the size of
to power an industry sustainability assessment approach.
its supply chain with more than 11,000 Tier-1 suppliers
around the globe. • IAEG member companies participating in the sector initiative
can access completed assessments to benchmark their
suppliers’ sustainability performance.
• Boeing’s engagement in this industry approach reduces the
supplier burden to complete multiple, unique assessment
requests. Suppliers also can access educational materials to
help drive sustainability improvements.
It comes down to this: Boeing is demonstrating its
commitment to responsible aerospace in a collaborative manner
and will continue to partner with industry associations to advance
its responsible supply chain practices and deliver innovative
solutions that will usher in the next era of sustainability progress.
Boeing Logistics Analyst Omur Muhittinoglu develops new processes and solutions
to streamline the supply chain. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 62]
Responsible supply chain practices are key to advancing industry sustainability standards. It requires transparency about business processes and supplied goods, meeting stakeholder expectations, addressing regulations, and creating positive environmental and social impact. Boeing is driving a holistic approach to responsible supply chain practices that align with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. In 2021, we co-founded an industry effort through the International Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG) to establish a voluntary sectoral framework for ESG engagement, including assessment and awareness, throughout the aerospace manufacturing industry. Ethical, responsible and sustainable business conduct is at the core of how Boeing operates. These core principles extend to our suppliers. The Boeing Supplier Code of Conduct, based on the International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct for the Aerospace and Defense Industry’s model code, provides suppliers with a set of responsible business conduct expectations consistent with our policies, principles and sustainability efforts. Read our Supplier Code of Conduct here.
----------------------------------------


Sustainability Report
Contents Responsible supply chain:
Advancing sustainability together
Introduction
The big picture: How suppliers operate is just as important as
how Boeing operates. Boeing is driving supply chain sustainability
Approach & Governance
awareness and advances by collaborating with its supplier
network and promoting responsible business practices.
People
Cross dock facility in Renton. (Boeing photo)
Read more about Boeing’s dedication
Products & Services to driving sustainability progress in the
aerospace supply chain.
Operations
Quality
Sustainable Operations
Operational Targets 11,000
+
Progress Lead through industry Lead by engagement and education Lead with commitment and reporting Tier-1 suppliers
Addressing Climate
• Founding member of the • Creating understandable, • Benchmarking through
Change
International Aerospace actionable educational voluntary standard
Conserving Resources tons of packaging waste
Environmental Group. materials. assessments.
Reducing Waste diverted from landfill (2022)
• Demonstrated commitment • Driving enduring change by • Setting expectations
Biodiversity and
to collaborate, adopt and transparently addressing key for supplier sustainability
Environmental Compliance 114M
amplify industry solutions. topics, risks and opportunities. performance.
Responsible Supply Chain pounds (51.7M kilograms)
recycled aerospace titanium (2013-2022)
Enterprise Security
and Data Privacy
Global network and Tier-1 suppliers
Communities
Africa: Asia: Australia: Europe: Middle East: North America: South America: U.S.:
Reporting
5 215 900 570 40 (Non-U.S.) 1 8,800
+ + + + + +
+

Sustainability Report
Contents Boeing ships, stores and • Repurposed and refurbished containers and
carts saved 26 metric tons of containers
manages parts and supplies
and packaging materials.
Introduction
sustainably • Prevented 18,500 cardboard boxes from being shipped to
Puget Sound factories, saving time and eliminating material
Approach & Governance
Why it matters: Getting supplies from point A to point B waste. Consolidation centers continue to enable the use
in a large supply chain takes expertise. Add a passion for of generic reusable containers, such as shipping reusable
reducing waste, maintaining quality, preventing workplace containers through Southern California.
People
injuries and saving money, and you’ve got what motivates
• Boeing also began using cross-docking — a logistics
Boeing’s Transportation, Warehousing & Logistics (TWL) team.
procedure where products from a supplier or manufacturing
Products & Services
plant are distributed directly to a customer with marginal to
In 2022, TWL team members:
no handling or storage time. Cross-dock benefits include
Operations • Eliminated packaging waste by converting from single- reduced transportation costs, fewer lost or damaged
use and disposable packaging to reusable containers, parts, and predictable pickup and delivery schedules. As a
Quality
preventing waste, which resulted in 234 metric tons result, 145 suppliers and Boeing sites across Commercial,
Sustainable Operations diverted from landfills. For example, certain 787 parts Services and Defense businesses reduced transportation
Operational Targets previously came in a roughly built, wooden crate that took costs, standardized pickups and optimized transportation
Progress six people to unload. TWL’s new reusable container is safer, routes using cross-docks.
allows faster processing and will prevent damage to parts.
Addressing Climate • Reduced GHG emissions — Regional truck pickups
These 787 packaging improvements will result in 161 metric
Change consolidated shipments at the sorting center to better use
tons of crating wood diverted from landfills annually once
Conserving Resources fully implemented. long-haul trucks while reducing less-than-full shipments
and transit time, which reduces GHG emissions.
Reducing Waste
What’s next: The team continues to optimize the Boeing
Biodiversity and
logistics network by analyzing shipment volume, truck
Environmental Compliance
utilization, supplier distance from cross-docks, identifying
Responsible Supply Chain
consolidation opportunities and route changes on shipments
Enterprise Security from overseas suppliers.
and Data Privacy
Communities
Boeing partners with service provider Universal Logistics at their
cross-docking facilities in Renton, Washington; Compton, California;
and Charleston, South Carolina, to provide the most efficient
Reporting
pickup and delivery of parts to enable manufacturing and assembly
of aircraft. Universal Logistics employee Matthew Chea moves a
recyclable wooden crate in Renton. (Boeing photo)

Edison Energy’s Chris Rader (senior Clean Energy adviser)
and Julia Berg (director, Business Development) are part of
the team that provides strategic sustainability services, energy
management and clean energy supply advisory to Boeing.
(Edison Energy photo)
2022 Sustainability Supplier of the Year:
Edison Energy
Edison Energy received Boeing’s inaugural Sustainability
Supplier of the Year award for its demonstrated
leadership and partnership to help Boeing achieve its
renewable energy and GHG emissions reductions.
This partnership:
• Supported Boeing’s renewable procurement strategy,
resulting in Boeing using 35% renewable electricity
in 2022.
• Enabled several Power Purchase Agreements that will
increase Boeing’s renewable energy use.
• Helped develop a 15-year purchasing plan for energy
purchases — with renewable energy being
a requirement.

[Table 1 — Page 64]

----------------------------------------
Edison Energy’s Chris Rader (senior Clean Energy adviser) and Julia Berg (director, Business Development) are part of the team that provides strategic sustainability services, energy management and clean energy supply advisory to Boeing. (Edison Energy photo) 2022 Sustainability Supplier of the Year: Edison Energy Edison Energy received Boeing’s inaugural Sustainability Supplier of the Year award for its demonstrated leadership and partnership to help Boeing achieve its renewable energy and GHG emissions reductions. This partnership: • Supported Boeing’s renewable procurement strategy, resulting in Boeing using 35% renewable electricity in 2022. • Enabled several Power Purchase Agreements that will increase Boeing’s renewable energy use. • Helped develop a 15-year purchasing plan for energy purchases — with renewable energy being a requirement.

Sustainability Report
Contents Supplier’s landmark delivery • Rossell Techsys, the Aerospace & Defense division of Supplier diversity is
Rossell India Limited, was established in 2011, and is
milestone showcases Boeing’s essential to Boeing
a key supplier in India’s “Aatmanirbhar Bharat” vision,
Introduction
promoting people native to the area and self-reliance
commitment to “Make in India”
in defense manufacturing. Supplier diversity and small business utilization are key
elements in responsible and sustainable supply chain
Approach & Governance
Rossell Techsys, a supplier in Bengaluru, India, completed • The company was the inaugural partner for Boeing’s
practices. Boeing is committed to collaborating with and
120,000 deliveries of wire harnesses, electrical panels and “Skill India” initiative to train and develop Indian
providing opportunities to diverse suppliers (including
modification kits for multiple Boeing defense programs. workers and students in aerospace skills. They also
People women-owned, veteran-owned and minority-owned
Boeing’s continued collaboration with suppliers and provide development opportunities for individuals
businesses) and small businesses.
investment in India’s aerospace and defense ecosystem with disabilities.
Products & Services has helped build local infrastructure, capabilities, workforce
• Rossell Techsys received a Boeing Supplier of the 2022 Highlights
development and partnerships, while harnessing the strength
Year Award in 2016 and 2019.
of Indian talent and its growing network of more than 5,240 Total Diverse Suppliers1
Operations
Next steps: Boeing will continue to collaborate with
300 suppliers.
and Small Businesses2
Quality suppliers around the globe to create an agile and resilient
Why it matters: It’s producing positive results. aerospace supply chain, and support a healthy, stable
Sustainable Operations
• Diverse suppliers1 and small businesses2 are vital to supply base reflective of the company’s global customers
Operational Targets $4.6B Total Amount Spent with Diverse
Boeing; their innovation, agility and ability to provide and communities.
Progress Suppliers and Small Businesses
creative product and service solutions are essential
Addressing Climate to delivering greater value to customers.
Change
• Boeing’s partnership with Rossell Techsys demonstrates
Conserving Resources
its commitment to small and diverse1 businesses.
Reducing Waste
770 420 550
Biodiversity and
“ Indian suppliers are integral to Boeing’s Women Veteran Minority
Environmental Compliance
Owned Owned Owned
Responsible Supply Chain global supply chain. We work closely with
Enterprise Security our suppliers in India to support supply chain
and Data Privacy 560 New Diverse Suppliers and
health, identify new ways to drive innovation +
Small Businesses Onboarded
and deliver greater value to our customers.”
Communities
Ashwani Bhargava, senior director,
1. Diverse suppliers refer to women-owned, veteran-owned, minority-owned,
Supply Chain Management, Boeing India LGBT-owned and disability-owned businesses (whether small or large).
Reporting
Rossell Techsys Quality Control Inspector, Sandeep D., 2. Small business refers to a business that is independently owned and operated,
is not dominant in the field of operations in which it is bidding and meets the
inspects a wiring harness. A startup company in 2011,
North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) size standards and
Rossell Techsys has now become a key supplier in India’s
65 Code of Federal Regulations, Title 13, Part 121.
“Aatmanirbhar Bharat” vision. (Rossell Techsys photo)

[Table 1 — Page 65]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Quality Sustainable Operations Operational Targets Progress Addressing Climate Change Conserving Resources Reducing Waste Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Responsible Supply Chain Enterprise Security and Data Privacy Communities Reporting 65 | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | Supplier’s landmark delivery • Rossell Techsys, the Aerospace & Defense division of Rossell India Limited, was established in 2011, and is milestone showcases Boeing’s a key supplier in India’s “Aatmanirbhar Bharat” vision, promoting people native to the area and self-reliance commitment to “Make in India” in defense manufacturing. Rossell Techsys, a supplier in Bengaluru, India, completed • The company was the inaugural partner for Boeing’s 120,000 deliveries of wire harnesses, electrical panels and “Skill India” initiative to train and develop Indian modification kits for multiple Boeing defense programs. workers and students in aerospace skills. They also Boeing’s continued collaboration with suppliers and provide development opportunities for individuals investment in India’s aerospace and defense ecosystem with disabilities. has helped build local infrastructure, capabilities, workforce • Rossell Techsys received a Boeing Supplier of the development and partnerships, while harnessing the strength Year Award in 2016 and 2019. of Indian talent and its growing network of more than Next steps: Boeing will continue to collaborate with 300 suppliers. suppliers around the globe to create an agile and resilient Why it matters: It’s producing positive results. aerospace supply chain, and support a healthy, stable • Diverse suppliers1 and small businesses2 are vital to supply base reflective of the company’s global customers Boeing; their innovation, agility and ability to provide and communities. creative product and service solutions are essential
| | |
| | | to delivering greater value to customers. • Boeing’s partnership with Rossell Techsys demonstrates its commitment to small and diverse1 businesses. “ Indian suppliers are integral to Boeing’s global supply chain. We work closely with our suppliers in India to support supply chain health, identify new ways to drive innovation and deliver greater value to our customers.” Ashwani Bhargava, senior director, Supply Chain Management, Boeing India
| | |
| | |
| | |

Sustainability Report
Enterprise Security a
Contents
Introduction
Boeing’s Global Privacy Office is responsible for
overseeing the management, use and security of
Approach & Governance
personal information held by the company, including
personal data from employees, customers and suppliers.
People Our privacy program focuses on protecting data,
respecting privacy and enabling trust. To safeguard
personal information, we employ a principles-based
Products & Services
approach to data privacy that aligns with key privacy
laws and frameworks in the U.S., European Union and
Operations other jurisdictions.
Quality Boeing has also established a Global Security
Governance Council to further strengthen governance
Sustainable Operations
and enhance coordination of our security activities.
Operational Targets
Learn more about the work of our council in our
Progress
Proxy Statement.
Addressing Climate
Change Boeing Enterprise Security is critical to Boeing’s
operations around the world, and we continue to employ
Conserving Resources
industry-leading security practices, while leveraging
Reducing Waste software and product security engineering to protect our
Biodiversity and people, property, networks, systems and information
Environmental Compliance from physical and cyber threats. Boeing’s security
strategy prioritizes detection, analysis and response
Responsible Supply Chain
to known, anticipated or unexpected threats, effective
Enterprise Security
management of security risks and resiliency against
and Data Privacy
incidents. In order to protect both commercial and
defense-related businesses and support our production
Communities operations, Boeing has adopted security principles that
align with global security standards, such as the National
Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity
Reporting Framework, and adheres to contractual and regulatory
security requirements.

and Data Privacy
Boeing self-phishing program helps
reduce security threats
“P hishing is one of the most effective
Boeing Enterprise Security’s Self-Phishing Program educates
employees about phishing, which involves sending simulated emails to ways threat actors exploit people
create a “sense-of-urgency” response to click on a link, enter sensitive
and companies. It relies on pushing
information, or, best-case scenario, report the “fake” phishing scam.
a high volume of phishing-related
2022 by the numbers:
content and distraction — the worst
• 22% drop in employee clicks on phishing simulations from 2021.
condition in the modern workplace
• 17% improvement from 2021 in simulated suspicious
email reporting. today. If users aren’t careful and
It comes down to this: Phishing is the most typical way trained to spot a phishing email,
companies are hacked. It’s important for employees to be vigilant
they may carelessly click on a
against cyberattacks to protect the business and personal data.
link or attachment, thus placing
Boeing at risk.”
Security News Richard Puckett, chief security officer and
vice president, Boeing Enterprise Security
MY RATING LEADERBOARD NEWS 2
Status: Cleared For TakeOff
No Action Required
Have A Great Flight!
Question or Issue?Check out the FAQ
page.
Employees get ongoing updates on their phishing
VIEW DASHBOARD
results on the company’s internal website.

[Table 1 — Page 66]
| Boeing’s Global Privacy Office is responsible for overseeing the management, use and security of personal information held by the company, including personal data from employees, customers and suppliers. Our privacy program focuses on protecting data, respecting privacy and enabling trust. To safeguard personal information, we employ a principles-based approach to data privacy that aligns with key privacy laws and frameworks in the U.S., European Union and other jurisdictions. Boeing has also established a Global Security Governance Council to further strengthen governance and enhance coordination of our security activities. Learn more about the work of our council in our Proxy Statement. Boeing Enterprise Security is critical to Boeing’s operations around the world, and we continue to employ industry-leading security practices, while leveraging software and product security engineering to protect our people, property, networks, systems and information from physical and cyber threats. Boeing’s security strategy prioritizes detection, analysis and response to known, anticipated or unexpected threats, effective management of security risks and resiliency against incidents. In order to protect both commercial and defense-related businesses and support our production operations, Boeing has adopted security principles that align with global security standards, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, and adheres to contractual and regulatory security requirements.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 66]
| “P hishing is one of the most effective ways threat actors exploit people and companies. It relies on pushing a high volume of phishing-related content and distraction — the worst condition in the modern workplace today. If users aren’t careful and trained to spot a phishing email, they may carelessly click on a link or attachment, thus placing
----------------------------------------
Boeing at risk.” Security News Richard Puckett, chief security officer and vice president, Boeing Enterprise Security MY RATING LEADERBOARD NEWS 2 Status: Cleared For Take- Off No Action Required Have A Great Flight! Question or Issue?Check out the FAQ page. Employees get ongoing updates on their phishing VIEW DASHBOARD results on the company’s internal website. | Boeing at risk.” Richard Puckett, chief security officer and vice president, Boeing Enterprise Security
|

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Community Engagement
Our Heroes
Our Homes
Our Future
Reporting
Jacqueline Mercier, Defense Procurement. (Boeing photo)

C O M M U N I T I E S
Purposeful Partnerships

Sustainability Report
2022 Community
Contents
Engagement Highlights
Introduction
Invested approximately
Approach & Governance
$2B
Through purposeful
in Boeing communities
People investments, employee
over the last 10 years
engagement and advocacy
efforts, Boeing supports
Products & Services partnerships and programs Contributed Invested
that align with our business, $80M $50M
create value and help build
Operations in charitable across
better communities worldwide.
grants in 52 countries in 2022 444 grants in support
We have an opportunity and a
of STEM education and
Communities responsibility to be a positive
workforce development
force for change in the places
Community Engagement
we call home. Boeing focuses Boeing and its programs in 2022
Our Heroes on opportunities that inspire employees invested
Our Homes our future, empower our $197M
+
heroes and strengthen our
Our Future to help build
homes, with an emphasis on
better communities worldwide in 2022
advancing racial equity and
Reporting social justice, and protecting
the environment. Employees donated Partnered with
Learn more about our $63M 1 13,000
+ +
community engagement and
work in the Boeing 2023 366,000 volunteer hours c ommunity partners
Community Impact Portfolio. to charitable causes in 2022 globally in 2022
Donated
$13.3M
1. Funds represent direct donations by employees across 116 grants in
and matched funds from the Boeing Company,
support of veterans programs in 2022
through the Employee Match Program.

Tiffania Ham Fayall, Government Operations. (Boeing photo)
Read about: Boeing Global Engagement
2023 purposeful partnerships and giving.

[Table 1 — Page 68]
| Through purposeful investments, employee engagement and advocacy efforts, Boeing supports partnerships and programs that align with our business, create value and help build better communities worldwide. We have an opportunity and a responsibility to be a positive force for change in the places we call home. Boeing focuses on opportunities that inspire our future, empower our heroes and strengthen our homes, with an emphasis on advancing racial equity and social justice, and protecting the environment. Learn more about our community engagement work in the Boeing 2023 Community Impact Portfolio.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 68]
Read about: Boeing Global Engagement 2023 purposeful partnerships and giving. |
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents Our Heroes
Introduction
Boeing employees help
Approach & Governance build homes for veterans
On a sunny, but chilly December day in 2022,
People
more than a dozen Boeing volunteers learned
the trade of home construction with Boeing’s
Products & Services community partner in St. Louis, Veterans
Community Project (VCP).
Operations They helped cut, measure and install siding
on a tiny home in the new VCP Village, where
approximately 50 tiny homes and a community
Communities center for homeless veterans are currently
Community Engagement under construction.
Our Heroes Why it matters: Boeing helps veterans
and their families after their military service has
Our Homes
ended, investing more than $14,100,000 in
Our Future
2022 in support of skills development and job
training, and recovery and rehabilitation
Reporting programs. Since 2021, Boeing has invested
$150,000 with VCP to help with home
construction and education programs.
Boeing employees volunteered to help
build tiny homes for veterans experiencing
homelessness in St. Louis. (Boeing photo)

[Table 1 — Page 69]
| Our Heroes Boeing employees help build homes for veterans On a sunny, but chilly December day in 2022, more than a dozen Boeing volunteers learned the trade of home construction with Boeing’s community partner in St. Louis, Veterans Community Project (VCP). They helped cut, measure and install siding on a tiny home in the new VCP Village, where approximately 50 tiny homes and a community center for homeless veterans are currently under construction. Why it matters: Boeing helps veterans and their families after their military service has ended, investing more than $14,100,000 in 2022 in support of skills development and job training, and recovery and rehabilitation programs. Since 2021, Boeing has invested $150,000 with VCP to help with home construction and education programs. Boeing employees volunteered to help build tiny homes for veterans experiencing homelessness in St. Louis. (Boeing photo)
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Our Homes
Contents
Boeing supports environmental
Introduction
sustainability in communities
Approach & Governance around the globe
Why it matters: Boeing is working to build better, more
People
equitable communities through corporate investments,
employee engagement programs and advocacy efforts,
Boeing supports the Korea Green Foundation in a program teaching children about healthy food and how and where it comes from in a local
Products & Services which include support to protect the environment around
food market engagement. (Korean Green Foundation photo)
the world. Boeing contributed $5 million in support of
environmental programs in 2022.
Operations
Americas and identifying local solutions. In Ecuador and Mexico, local teachers to adopt ecological models of behavior and
partners will work with teachers to design lessons that awareness of sustainable development and environmental
Communities • U.S.: Boeing supports the National Forest Foundation’s
address local needs such as reducing pollution, using protection. The initiative provides Italian youth in kindergarten
Project Green Drone, an educational program dedicated to
Community Engagement plastic alternatives or storing electricity. through sixth grade with early access to learning about
strengthening the STEM pipeline in the Phoenix area.
sustainability and developing a sense of responsibility. By
Our Heroes Together with the Ecoculture Team at Northern Arizona Asia
discovering the best practices of environmental protection
Our Homes University and other local partners, the National Forest
• Korea: Boeing supports the Climate Science Class around the world, students understand the impact of their
Foundation engages more than 500 local middle and high
Our Future program, which is part of Korea Green Foundation, actions on the future of our planet.
school students in STEM-focused activities to address
benefiting 550 young leaders. The goal of the program is to
real-world environmental projects, including a watershed Middle East and Northern Africa
foster next-generation green leaders who will solve climate
Reporting restoration project on the Lower Salt River. The project is
change problems, including biodiversity loss and forest • Türkiye: With Boeing’s support, the Istanbul Technical
diversifying the pipeline for conservation talent while
destruction. It also examines human influence and regional University Foundation’s Enhanced Training Content
working on protecting fresh water supplies and using
environmental issues and technology solutions. Climate program within the Aviation Sustainability Alliance Türkiye
innovative technology to preserve public lands.
change, in particular, is a broad and complex phenomenon raises awareness about and supports the creation of
• Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, and is a suitable subject for implementing the purpose of sustainability developments in aviation through three
Mexico and Panama: Boeing is supporting the Pan modeling-based learning, which constitutes an explanatory signature programs. The training program, tailored for
American Development Foundation (PADF) that is active in framework based on a variety of data. specific audiences, provides educational content to
eight countries, working with teachers, and primary and students, teachers and aviation professionals; the
Europe
university or post-university students to find solutions to Hackathon encourages students to think creatively about
local environmental issues. For example, in Bolivia, PADF • Italy: “School Cleaning Day” is an environmental education how to help lessen the environmental impact of aviation;
works with partners to develop a curriculum about program — organized by ScuolAttiva Onlus with support and the Innovation Conference brings together students,
alternative energy, waste management, natural resources from Boeing — that works to encourage Italian students and academics, industry experts and others to explore
innovative ideas in aviation sustainability.

Sustainability Report
Contents
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Community Engagement
Our Heroes
Our Homes
Our Future
Reporting Boeing grant teaches students Middle school students plant in their rain garden
in the Seattle suburb of Burien. (EarthGen photo)
about stormwater stewardship
With support from a Boeing grant in 2022, EarthGen engaged Go deeper: A 2021 grant from Boeing
2,000 students across four Puget Sound school districts in its helped EarthGen expand the Stormwater
Stormwater Stewards program. Stewards program into two additional Puget
Sound school districts, which worked to
Why it matters: Middle and high school students learned
add sustainable treatment for approximately
about watersheds and the impact of stormwater runoff,
625,000 gallons of water.
investigated their local watersheds and then designed and
implemented green stormwater infrastructure projects to
improve water quality in their community. Students cared for
and maintained these rain gardens as part of the program.

Rain gardens under busy
Seattle bridge filter water,
protect salmon
The Aurora Bridge Bioswale project was designed to
clean up polluted stormwater coming off this Seattle
bridge. Runoff passes through a series of rain gardens
below. The project serves as a model for others that The
Nature Conservancy and its partners support, such as the
I-5 Ship Canal stormwater park, which is currently being
planned with funding from Boeing.
(Photo: Courtney Baxter/The Nature Conservancy)

[Table 1 — Page 71]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Community Engagement Our Heroes Our Homes Our Future Reporting 71 |
----------------------------------------
|

Sustainability Report
Our Future
Contents
Boeing and Amideast partner to expand STEM access
Introduction
At the UN Climate Change Conference COP27 held in Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt, Amideast Boeing and Amideast have
Approach & Governance and Boeing announced an expanded partnership to support more Egyptian young people
supported
through STEM education with a focus on sustainability.
22,000
+
People Go deeper: The expanded partnership will include STEM programs in robotics, graphics,
animation, 3D printing, programming and web development; a STEM entrepreneurship
students in Egypt since 2007
competition; and a new STEM Program for Climate Sustainability, including advocacy
Products & Services
efforts like STEM Talks and a sustainability podcast.
Why it matters: This grant from Boeing helps Amideast align STEM activities with
Kuljit Ghata-Aura, Boeing president in the Middle East, Türkiye and
Operations Egypt’s sustainable development strategy. In line with the UN Sustainable Development Africa, and Shahinaz Ahmed, Amideast country director in Egypt
Goal (SDG) 4, Quality Education, STEM education fosters creativity and empowers young (pictured, center), announce an expanded partnership between
people to become critical thinkers and problem solvers who can address global challenges. Boeing and Amideast. (Boeing photo)
Communities
Community Engagement
Our Heroes
Our Homes
Our Future
Reporting

Sustainability Report
Contents This Sustainability Report has been prepared in alignment All data within Key ESG Data, GRI, SASB and TCFD indexes
with the GRI 2021 Standards. The GRI Index below indicates is for the period from Jan. 1, 2022, through Dec. 31, 2022,
the location of each GRI disclosure within this Sustainability unless otherwise noted.
Introduction
Report, on our external website or other Boeing reports, or it
states the information directly. In the SASB Index and TCFD
Approach & Governance Index, we have aligned our disclosures with the recommended
disclosures and metrics in the SASB Aerospace & Defense
Standard and the TCFD framework. We will continue to
People evaluate our disclosure approach moving forward to ensure
we are providing relevant information in an efficient and
effective manner.
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition
Select Memberships
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking R
Statements
Boeing Wideband Global SATCOM – 11 satellite. (Boeing image)

R E P O R T I N G

[Table 1 — Page 73]
2023 Boeing Sustainability Report Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Reporting Key ESG Data GRI Index SASB Index TCFD Index U.N. Sustainable Development Goals Awards and Recognition Select Memberships and Partnerships Forward-Looking Statements 73 | |
----------------------------------------
| | This Sustainability Report has been prepared in alignment All data within Key ESG Data, GRI, SASB and TCFD indexes with the GRI 2021 Standards. The GRI Index below indicates is for the period from Jan. 1, 2022, through Dec. 31, 2022, the location of each GRI disclosure within this Sustainability unless otherwise noted. Report, on our external website or other Boeing reports, or it states the information directly. In the SASB Index and TCFD Index, we have aligned our disclosures with the recommended disclosures and metrics in the SASB Aerospace & Defense Standard and the TCFD framework. We will continue to evaluate our disclosure approach moving forward to ensure we are providing relevant information in an efficient and effective manner. R E P O R T I N G Boeing Wideband Global SATCOM – 11 satellite. (Boeing image)
| | Boeing Wideband Global SATCOM – 11 satellite. (Boeing image)
| |

Sustainability Report
Key ESG Data
Contents
Environmental Data
2022 2021 2020
Introduction
Energy1 Megawatt hours Terajoules Megawatt hours Terajoules Megawatt hours Terajoules
Natural gas 1,928,000 6,941 1,712,000 6,163 1,686,000 6,070
Approach & Governance
Jet kerosene 861,000 3,100 804,000 2,894 544,000 1,958
Fuel oil #2 127,000 457 153,000 551 149,000 536
People Motor gasoline 24,000 86 21,000 76 21,000 76
Propane 11,000 40 10,000 36 12,000 43
Products & Services Liquefied petroleum gas 2,000 7 1,000 4 – –
Total nonrenewable fuels 2,953,000 10,631 2,701,000 9,724 2,412,000 8,683
Sustainable aviation fuel 9,000 32 4,000 14 2,000 7
Operations
Total renewable fuels 9,000 32 4,000 14 2,000 7
Purchased nonrenewable electricity 1,350,000 4,860 1,482,000 5,335 1,686,000 6,070
Communities Purchased renewable electricity2 720,000 2,592 574,000 2,066 392,000 1,411
Total purchased electricity 2,070,000 7,452 2,056,000 7,402 2,078,000 7,481
Total energy use 5,033,000 18,119 4,761,000 17,410 4,492,000 16,171
Reporting
1. Data represents 100% of the company.
Key ESG Data 2. Renewable electricity data excludes any renewable energy that is part of the grid by default, in alignment with SASB and other frameworks. Notably, Boeing operates in a number of grids that rely significantly on renewable sources.
• Boeing did not sell any electricity, heating or cooling energy.
GRI Index
Emissions1 Tons COe Metric tons COe Tons COe Metric tons COe Tons COe Metric tons COe
SASB Index 2 2 2 2 2 2
Scope 1 GHG2,3 708,000 642,000 675,000 612,000 611,000 554,000
TCFD Index
Scope 2 GHG — location-based2,3 859,000 779,000 830,000 753,000 840,000 762,000
U.N. Sustainable Scope 2 GHG — market-based2,3 442,000 401,000 493,000 447,000 580,000 526,000
Development Goals
Scope 3 GHG — business travel 205,000 186,000 97,000 88,000 101,000 92,000
Awards and Recognition Scope 3 GHG — use of sold products (Commercial Airplanes)3,6 400,000,000 363,000,000 306,000,000 278,000,000 246,000,000 223,000,000
Select Memberships Scope 3 GHG — use of sold products (Defense, Space & Security)3,6 24,000,000 22,000,000 24,000,000 22,000,000 22,000,000 20,000,000
and Partnerships Total calculated GHG excluding sold products 1,355,000 1,229,000 1,264,000 1,147,000 1,292,000 1,172,000
Forward-Looking Core metrics sites GHG — location-based4 724,000 657,000 702,000 637,000 713,000 647,000
Statements Core metrics sites GHG — market-based4 323,000 293,000 376,000 341,000 452,000 410,000
GHG Intensity5 $0.00002 $0.00002 $0.00002
1. Emissions (Enterprise Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 Categories 6 and 11) data is verified by an accredited independent third party to the level of limited assurance, see assurance statements.
2. Scope 1 and Scope 2 data represents 100% of the company.
3. For Scopes 1, 2 and 3, we calculate emissions from CO, CH, NO, HFCs, PFCs, SF and NF for this data set.
2 4 2 6 3
4. Core metrics sites data represents emissions of CO, CH and NO where we track a subset of emissions from natural gas combustion and purchased electricity associated with sites that represent the majority (70%) of Boeing operations.
74 5. GHG intensity includes Scope 1 and Scope 2 (mark 2 et-ba 4 sed) GH 2 G (CO, CH, NO, HFCs, PFCs, SF and NF).
2 4 2 6 3
6. Use of sold products emissions are based on estimated lifetime emissions of Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense Services product deliveries in 2022, including direct emissions from combustion of fuel (335M tonnes) and indirect emissions
from production of fuel (50M tonnes).

[Table 1 — Page 74]
| 2022 | | 2021 | | |
----------------------------------------
| Megawatt hours | Terajoules | Megawatt hours | Terajoules | Megawatt hours |
Natural gas | 1,928,000 | 6,941 | 1,712,000 | 6,163 | 1,686,000 | 6,070
| 861,000 | 3,100 | 804,000 | 2,894 | 544,000 |
Fuel oil #2 | 127,000 | 457 | 153,000 | 551 | 149,000 | 536
| 24,000 | 86 | 21,000 | 76 | 21,000 |
Propane | 11,000 | 40 | 10,000 | 36 | 12,000 | 43
| 2,000 | 7 | 1,000 | 4 | – |
Total nonrenewable fuels | 2,953,000 | 10,631 | 2,701,000 | 9,724 | 2,412,000 | 8,683
| 9,000 | 32 | 4,000 | 14 | 2,000 |
Total renewable fuels | 9,000 | 32 | 4,000 | 14 | 2,000 | 7
| 1,350,000 | 4,860 | 1,482,000 | 5,335 | 1,686,000 |
Purchased renewable electricity2 | 720,000 | 2,592 | 574,000 | 2,066 | 392,000 | 1,411
| 2,070,000 | 7,452 | 2,056,000 | 7,402 | 2,078,000 |
Total energy use | 5,033,000 | 18,119 | 4,761,000 | 17,410 | 4,492,000 | 16,171

[Table 2 — Page 74]
| Tons COe 2 | Metric tons COe 2 | Tons COe 2 | Metric tons COe 2 | Tons COe 2 |
----------------------------------------
Scope 1 GHG2,3 | 708,000 | 642,000 | 675,000 | 612,000 | 611,000 | 554,000
| 859,000 | 779,000 | 830,000 | 753,000 | 840,000 |
Scope 2 GHG — market-based2,3 | 442,000 | 401,000 | 493,000 | 447,000 | 580,000 | 526,000
| 205,000 | 186,000 | 97,000 | 88,000 | 101,000 |
Scope 3 GHG — use of sold products (Commercial Airplanes)3,6 | 400,000,000 | 363,000,000 | 306,000,000 | 278,000,000 | 246,000,000 | 223,000,000
| 24,000,000 | 22,000,000 | 24,000,000 | 22,000,000 | 22,000,000 |
Total calculated GHG excluding sold products | 1,355,000 | 1,229,000 | 1,264,000 | 1,147,000 | 1,292,000 | 1,172,000
| 724,000 | 657,000 | 702,000 | 637,000 | 713,000 |
Core metrics sites GHG — market-based4 | 323,000 | 293,000 | 376,000 | 341,000 | 452,000 | 410,000
| $0.00002 | | $0.00002 | | |

Sustainability Report
Contents Environmental Data
2022 2021 2020
Introduction Total water Total water Total water
withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal
Water1 Kilogallons Megaliters Kilogallons Megaliters Kilogallons Megaliters
from water- from water- from waterstressed areas2 stressed areas2 stressed areas2
Approach & Governance
OFF-SITE WATER SOURCES
Surface water withdrawal 687,256 2,601 —% 639,501 2,421 —% 639,167 2,420 —%
People
Combination of surface water and groundwater
405,788 1,536 22% 366,460 1,387 21% 423,353 1,603 22%
withdrawal
Groundwater withdrawal 110,671 419 31% 89,855 340 30% 83,596 316 31%
Products & Services
Reclaimed water (not withdrawn) 2,585 10 —% 3,114 12 —% 2,778 11 —%
Total water withdrawal 1,203,715 4,556 10% 1,095,816 4,148 10% 1,148,894 4,350 10%
Operations
ON-SITE WATER SOURCES3
On-site well water use 2,243 8 100% 4,755 18 100% 2,352 9 100%
Communities On-site water reclamation 10,321 39 —% 9,576 36 —% 10,508 40 —%
Boeing does not use seawater.
1. Water data represents approximately 84% of operations by square footage.
Reporting
2. Water-stressed areas are those with high or extremely high water stress in the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Model.
3. Two locations have on-site water sources — Palmdale (well) and Portland (reclamation).
Key ESG Data
GRI Index 2022 2021 2020
SASB Index Waste1 Metric tons Metric tons Metric tons 1. Waste data represents approximately 83% of
operations by square footage.
TCFD Index Hazardous waste incinerated for energy recovery 661 590 747 2. Hazardous waste is determined from U.S. EPA
hazardous manifest or equivalent government shipping
Hazardous waste incinerated without energy recovery 701 843 1,019
U.N. Sustainable documents, with profile waste designations determining
Development Goals Hazardous waste sent to landfill 2,473 1,977 2,143 the type of waste and Management codes determining
the disposal method.
Hazardous waste otherwise disposed 3,435 2,651 1,744
Awards and Recognition
Percentage of hazardous waste recycled 0.1% 1.0% 0.4%
Select Memberships
Total hazardous waste generated2 7,276 6,122 5,674
and Partnerships
Nonhazardous waste incinerated for energy recovery 155 286 147
Forward-Looking
Nonhazardous waste incinerated without energy recovery 81 365 76
Statements
Nonhazardous waste sent to landfill 151 149 343
Nonhazardous waste otherwise disposed 7,339 11,138 6,294
Percentage of nonhazardous waste recycled 0.5% 0.4% 1.2%
Total nonhazardous waste generated 7,765 11,981 6,943

[Table 1 — Page 75]
2022 | | | 2021 | | | |
----------------------------------------
Kilogallons | Megaliters | Total water withdrawal from water- stressed areas2 | Kilogallons | Megaliters | Total water withdrawal from water- stressed areas2 | Kilogallons | Megaliters

[Table 2 — Page 75]
Surface water withdrawal | 687,256 | 2,601 | —% | 639,501 | 2,421 | —% | 639,167 | 2,420 | —%
----------------------------------------
| 405,788 | 1,536 | 22% | 366,460 | 1,387 | 21% | 423,353 | 1,603 |
Groundwater withdrawal | 110,671 | 419 | 31% | 89,855 | 340 | 30% | 83,596 | 316 | 31%
| 2,585 | 10 | —% | 3,114 | 12 | —% | 2,778 | 11 |
Total water withdrawal | 1,203,715 | 4,556 | 10% | 1,095,816 | 4,148 | 10% | 1,148,894 | 4,350 | 10%

[Table 3 — Page 75]
On-site well water use | 2,243 | 8 | 100% | 4,755 | 18 | 100% | 2,352 | 9 | 100%
----------------------------------------
| 10,321 | 39 | —% | 9,576 | 36 | —% | 10,508 | 40 |

[Table 4 — Page 75]
| Metric tons | Metric tons |
----------------------------------------
| 661 | 590 |
Hazardous waste incinerated without energy recovery | 701 | 843 | 1,019
| 2,473 | 1,977 |
Hazardous waste otherwise disposed | 3,435 | 2,651 | 1,744
| 0.1% | 1.0% |
Total hazardous waste generated2 | 7,276 | 6,122 | 5,674
| 155 | 286 |
Nonhazardous waste incinerated without energy recovery | 81 | 365 | 76
| 151 | 149 |
Nonhazardous waste otherwise disposed | 7,339 | 11,138 | 6,294
| 0.5% | 0.4% |
Total nonhazardous waste generated | 7,765 | 11,981 | 6,943

Sustainability Report
Contents
Environmental Data
Introduction Waste Metric tons
Universal waste incinerated without energy recovery 15
Approach & Governance Universal waste incinerated for energy recovery —
Universal waste sent to landfill 13
Universal waste otherwise disposed 880
People
Percentage of universal waste recycled 2%
Total universal waste generated3 930
Products & Services
Solid waste incinerated for energy recovery 2,094
Solid waste sent to landfill 9,509
Operations Percentage of solid waste recycled, reused and composted 82%
Total solid waste generated
64,119
(includes all recycled, reused and composted materials)
Communities Total waste incinerated for energy recovery 2,910
Total waste incinerated without energy recovery 797
Total waste sent to landfill 12,146
Reporting
Total waste otherwise disposed 11,654
Key ESG Data
Percentage of total waste recycled 66%
GRI Index
Total waste generated3 80,090
SASB Index Waste — Spills
TCFD Index Number of aggregate spills (all operations)4 1
U.N. Sustainable Quantity spilled (all operations) 40,418 kg
Development Goals Quantity of spilled material recovered (all operations) —
Awards and Recognition Waste — Penalties
Incidents incurring a penalty over $10,000 (all operations)5 1
Select Memberships
and Partnerships Total of penalties over $10,000 (all operations) $22,000
Forward-Looking 3. Total waste generated includes all recycled, reused and composted material.
4. Data represents number of federally reportable aggregate spills.
Statements
5. See Page 61 of this report for further details about this incident and penalty.

2021 2020
Metric tons Metric tons
2 1
2 1
11 10
123 153
10% 9%
155 180
2,291 2,633
7,801 8,888
78% 72%
44,959 41,137
3,171 3,527
1,210 1,095
9,938 11,384
13,912 8,191
55% 55%
63,217 53,934
1 0
203 kg 0
— —
1 1
$16,450 $17,410

[Table 1 — Page 76]
| 2022 | 2021 |
----------------------------------------
| Metric tons | Metric tons |
| 15 | 2 |
Universal waste incinerated for energy recovery | — | 2 | 1
| 13 | 11 |
Universal waste otherwise disposed | 880 | 123 | 153
| 2% | 10% |
Total universal waste generated3 | 930 | 155 | 180
| 2,094 | 2,291 |
Solid waste sent to landfill | 9,509 | 7,801 | 8,888
| 82% | 78% |
Total solid waste generated (includes all recycled, reused and composted materials) | 64,119 | 44,959 | 41,137
| 2,910 | 3,171 |
Total waste incinerated without energy recovery | 797 | 1,210 | 1,095
| 12,146 | 9,938 |
Total waste otherwise disposed | 11,654 | 13,912 | 8,191
| 66% | 55% |
Total waste generated3 | 80,090 | 63,217 | 53,934

[Table 2 — Page 76]
Number of aggregate spills (all operations)4 | 1 | 1 | 0
----------------------------------------
| 40,418 kg | 203 kg |
Quantity of spilled material recovered (all operations) | — | — | —

[Table 3 — Page 76]
Incidents incurring a penalty over $10,000 (all operations)5 | 1 | 1 | 1
----------------------------------------
| $22,000 | $16,450 |

Sustainability Report
Contents
People
Introduction
Health and Well-Being
Fatalities as a result of work-related injuries1
Approach & Governance Lost workday case rate, includes COVID-19 cases2
Near-miss/hazard ratio to recordable injuries3
Found/fixed metric3
People
Health and Safety training courses available
Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion1
Products & Services
Employee Representation
Total Boeing employees
Operations Non-U.S. employees
Total Boeing employees covered by collective bargaining agreeme
U.S. employees who are veterans4
Communities
Female Representation5,6
Overall (Companywide)
Reporting
Overall (U.S.)
Key ESG Data Overall (Non-U.S.)7
Board of Directors
GRI Index
Executive Council8
SASB Index
Executives
TCFD Index
Managers
U.N. Sustainable New hires
Development Goals
Racial and Ethnic Minority Representation9
Awards and Recognition Overall
Select Memberships Board of Directors
and Partnerships Executive Council8
Forward-Looking Executives
Statements Managers
New hires
Employee Training10,11
Total hours employee training
Average employee training hours per learner
Total mandatory employee training hours

Employee Health and Well-Being footnotes
2022 2021 2020
1. Represents U.S. data.
2. Represents U.S., Canada, Australia and UK data.
3. Represents global data.
0 0 0
1.2 0.53 0.43
44:1 39:1 24:1
98% 98% 98%
1,096 1,026 950
For all Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion data:
Unless otherwise indicated, data presented are snapshots
taken in December of the year referenced.
4. Veteran data reflects the U.S. workforce only based on
156,000 142,000 141,000
voluntary, confidential self-identification. A veteran is
13% 11% 11% defined as a person who served in the active military,
naval, or air service and who was discharged or released
ents 33% 33% 33% therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable.
14.6% 14.6% 14.8% 5. All data on gender is collected globally.
6. Numbers for gender may not total 100% due to team
members who identify as nonbinary or who choose
24.10% 23.60% 23.20% not to disclose.
7. Non-U.S. indicates team members outside the U.S.
23.80% 23.20% 22.90%
8. Executive Council gender data includes both U.S. and
24.70% 24.60% 24.30% non-U.S. leaders.
9. Race and ethnicity data reflects the U.S. workforce only.
25.00% 25.00% 25.00%
Numbers may not total 100% due to inclusion of people
19.00% 19.00% 13.60% who choose not to disclose or due to rounding. Racial
and ethnic minority representation includes Asian, Black,
33.20% 33.50% 31.80% Hispanic/Latino/a/x, Native American, Pacific Islander
23.70% 22.80% 22.20% and Two or More Races as defined by the U.S. Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission.
25.40% 23.90% 22.00% 10. Mandatory and voluntary employee training hours
represent different types of learning that are stored in
separate data sources. Training data residing in Boeing’s
35.30% 32.70% 31.20% Learning Management System (LMS) includes mandatory
and compliance training. Voluntary training is not
25.00% 25.00% 16.70%
considered mandatory and represents hours spent
21.10% 33.30% 35.00% participating in learning tracked outside of our LMS.
11. Data was first reported in 2021.
21.80% 22.50% 20.80%
27.10% 24.30% 23.00%
47.50% 42.50% 37.20%
5,800,000 3,600,000
33.1 23.6
1,800,000.00 1,000,000.00

[Table 1 — Page 77]
2022 | 2021
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 77]
| 0 | 0 |
----------------------------------------
Lost workday case rate, includes COVID-19 cases2 | 1.2 | 0.53 | 0.43
| 44:1 | 39:1 |
Found/fixed metric3 | 98% | 98% | 98%
| 1,096 | 1,026 |

[Table 3 — Page 77]
Total Boeing employees | 156,000 | 142,000 | 141,000
----------------------------------------
| 13% | 11% |
Total Boeing employees covered by collective bargaining agreements | 33% | 33% | 33%
| 14.6% | 14.6% |

[Table 4 — Page 77]
| 24.10% | 23.60% |
----------------------------------------
Overall (U.S.) | 23.80% | 23.20% | 22.90%
| 24.70% | 24.60% |
Board of Directors | 25.00% | 25.00% | 25.00%
| 19.00% | 19.00% |
Executives | 33.20% | 33.50% | 31.80%
| 23.70% | 22.80% |
New hires | 25.40% | 23.90% | 22.00%

[Table 5 — Page 77]
Overall | 35.30% | 32.70% | 31.20%
----------------------------------------
| 25.00% | 25.00% |
Executive Council8 | 21.10% | 33.30% | 35.00%
| 21.80% | 22.50% |
Managers | 27.10% | 24.30% | 23.00%
| 47.50% | 42.50% |

[Table 6 — Page 77]
Total hours employee training | 5,800,000 | 3,600,000 |
----------------------------------------
| 33.1 | 23.6 |
Total mandatory employee training hours | 1,800,000.00 | 1,000,000.00 |

Sustainability Report
Contents
People
2022 2021
Introduction
Employee Training
Average mandatory employee training hours per learner 10.6 6.8
Approach & Governance Average voluntary employee training hours 25.6 17
Communities
People
2022 2021
Community Engagement
Products & Services Community giving1 $185,700,000 $187,100,000
Total volunteer hours 366,000 290,000
Operations Number of community partners 13,371 13,957
Contributions supporting STEM education and workforce
$61,300,000 $56,300,000
development programs
Communities
Total number of organizations receiving contributions supporting
682 648
STEM education and workforce development programs
Reporting Contributions to veterans organizations $14,100,000 $ 18,700,000
Total organizations receiving contributions supporting veterans programs 354 416
Key ESG Data
Contributions to organizations supporting racial equity and social justice $17,557,697 $15,300,000
GRI Index
Total number of countries where contributions were made 64 70
SASB Index Total international partners receiving contributions 473 459
TCFD Index Approximate students reached through Boeing’s hands-on
518,229 645,963
STEM learning program FUTURE U
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals Total number of contributions supporting environmental programs 489 482
Awards and Recognition
Governance2
Select Memberships 2022 2021
and Partnerships
Ethics Metrics
Forward-Looking
Inquiries3 2,405 2,167
Statements
Conflict of interest determinations 2,120 1,730
Investigative requests 3,132 3,503
Total contacts to Ethics & Business Conduct 7,657 7,400
Investigative requests with enough information to investigate 2,507 2,896
Percentage of investigated requests that were substantiated4,5 47% 51%

Community Engagement footnotes
2020 1. Community giving is inclusive of Boeing and
employee giving.
Ethics Metrics footnotes
2. Data reflects the reporting period of November 2021
through October 2022.
3. Inquiries comprise Requests for Guidance and Information
Requests. Requests for Guidance are situations where
employees are seeking guidance when facing ethical
2020 dilemmas or when they need assistance in understanding
company policies or expected behaviors. Information
Requests are situations where employees are seeking
general information. Both demonstrate awareness of
$234,000,000 Boeing’s Compliance and Ethics program, but Requests
for Guidance are viewed as the most positive types of
250,000
contact.
13,400 4. Investigated matters are considered unsubstantiated
when investigation findings demonstrate that no
$50,000,000 misconduct occurred or where there is a lack of
evidence to support a finding of misconduct.
5. Ongoing evaluations demonstrate that Boeing’s
415 substantiation rate is slightly higher than other published
benchmarks, indicating an effective investigation process
and informed reporting by company employees.
$14,200,000
$15,600,000
5,000,000
3,181
1,864
4,786
9,831
3,561
47%

[Table 1 — Page 78]
2022 | 2021
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 78]
| 10.6 | 6.8 |
----------------------------------------
Average voluntary employee training hours | 25.6 | 17 |

[Table 3 — Page 78]
2022 | 2021
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 78]
Community giving1 | $185,700,000 | $187,100,000 | $234,000,000
----------------------------------------
| 366,000 | 290,000 |
Number of community partners | 13,371 | 13,957 | 13,400
| $61,300,000 | $56,300,000 |
Total number of organizations receiving contributions supporting STEM education and workforce development programs | 682 | 648 | 415
| $14,100,000 | $ 18,700,000 |
Total organizations receiving contributions supporting veterans programs | 354 | 416 | 97
| $17,557,697 | $15,300,000 |
Total number of countries where contributions were made | 64 | 70 | 51
| 473 | 459 |
Approximate students reached through Boeing’s hands-on STEM learning program FUTURE U | 518,229 | 645,963 | 5,000,000
| 489 | 482 |

[Table 5 — Page 78]
2022 | 2021
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 78]
| 2,405 | 2,167 |
----------------------------------------
Conflict of interest determinations | 2,120 | 1,730 | 1,864
| 3,132 | 3,503 |
Total contacts to Ethics & Business Conduct | 7,657 | 7,400 | 9,831
| 2,507 | 2,896 |
Percentage of investigated requests that were substantiated4,5 | 47% | 51% | 47%

Sustainability Report
GRI Index
Contents
Boeing has reported in alignment with the GRI Standards for the period of 1/1/2022-12/31/2022. AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Introduction Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
GRI 2: General Disclosures
Approach & Governance 2-1 Organizational details Company Profile, Page 10 The Boeing Company is a publicly traded corporation.
Our headquarters are located at 929 Long Bridge Drive, Arlington, VA 22202
Boeing Global
People PS, Page 36
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s This report includes the operations of The Boeing Company and its subsidiaries.
sustainability reporting This is consistent with the financial reporting contained in Boeing’s 2022 Form 10-K.
Products & Services AR, Exhibit 21 to 10K
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point Boeing’s sustainability report is published annually, with a reporting period from 1/1/202212/31/2022 (unless otherwise noted).
Operations The reporting period for Boeing’s financial reporting aligns with the period for its
sustainability reporting.
This report was published on 6/14/2023
Communities Boeing Communications
Email: media@boeing.com
Mailing Address: 929 Long Bridge Drive, Arlington, VA 22202
Reporting 2-4 Restatements of information None.
Key ESG Data 2-5 External assurance Select environmental data have been externally verified by DNV GL. See statement
GRI Index 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Company Profile, Page 10; GRI Sector: Aerospace and Defense
Responsible Supply Chain, Pages 62-65 AR, Pages 1, 5, 16, 20, 136-144
SASB Index PS, Pages 30-32
Boeing Overview
TCFD Index
Boeing Weapons Statement
Boeing Commercial Orders & Deliveries
U.N. Sustainable
Commercial Services
Development Goals
In 2022, Boeing’s headquarters relocated from Chicago to Arlington, Virginia
Awards and Recognition
2-7 Employees Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report
Pages 24-25; Boeing EEO-1 report
Select Memberships
Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 Boeing Overview
and Partnerships
Boeing uses headcount reporting for its global equity, diversity and inclusion data. December
Forward-Looking data is used for any headcount or representation numbers, and full-year data is used for any
promotions, hiring and exits numbers. For our Executive Council and Board of Directors,
Statements
2023 data is utilized.
2-8 Workers who are not employees Information unavailable/incomplete.
2-9 Governance structure and composition Approach & Governance, Pages 9-17; Boeing Corporate Governance
Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; PS, Pages 6-7, 15-17
Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30

[Table 1 — Page 79]
2-1 | Organizational details | Company Profile, Page 10 | The Boeing Company is a publicly traded corporation. Our headquarters are located at 929 Long Bridge Drive, Arlington, VA 22202 Boeing Global PS, Page 36
----------------------------------------
| Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting | |
2-3 | Reporting period, frequency and contact point | | Boeing’s sustainability report is published annually, with a reporting period from 1/1/2022- 12/31/2022 (unless otherwise noted). The reporting period for Boeing’s financial reporting aligns with the period for its sustainability reporting. This report was published on 6/14/2023 Boeing Communications Email: media@boeing.com Mailing Address: 929 Long Bridge Drive, Arlington, VA 22202
| Restatements of information | |
2-5 | External assurance | | Select environmental data have been externally verified by DNV GL. See statement
| Activities, value chain and other business relationships | Company Profile, Page 10; Responsible Supply Chain, Pages 62-65 |
2-7 | Employees | Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, Pages 24-25; Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 | Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report Boeing EEO-1 report Boeing Overview Boeing uses headcount reporting for its global equity, diversity and inclusion data. December data is used for any headcount or representation numbers, and full-year data is used for any promotions, hiring and exits numbers. For our Executive Council and Board of Directors, 2023 data is utilized.
| Workers who are not employees | |
2-9 | Governance structure and composition | Approach & Governance, Pages 9-17; Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30 | Boeing Corporate Governance PS, Pages 6-7, 15-17

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 Board Governance
Introduction governance body Director Independence Standards
Corporate Governance Principles
PS, Pages 5-7
Approach & Governance 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body The Board chair is not an executive officer of the company.
PS, Page 15
Board Chair Profile
People 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; PS, Pages 16-17; 19-20; 27
management of impacts Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48; Governance & Public Policy Committee Charter
Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 CDP1 Climate Change Submission, C1 series
Products & Services CDP Water Security Submissions, W6 series
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 PS, Pages 16-17; 19-20; 27
Governance & Public Policy Committee Charter
Operations Audit Committee Charter
CDP1 Climate Change Submission, C1 series
CDP Water Security Submissions, W6 series
Communities 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 PS, Page 27
sustainability reporting Boeing’s sustainability report is reviewed by Boeing’s Executive Council, Board of Directors,
and the Global Sustainability Council, which comprises leaders across business units
Reporting within Boeing.
2-15 Conflicts of interest Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 PS, Pages 22; 24-25
Key ESG Data
Code of Ethical Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors
GRI Index
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; PS, Pages 24-25
Key ESG Data, Page 78 Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines
SASB Index
Audit Committee Charter
TCFD Index Contacting Ethics
Critical concerns submitted through external and internal reporting portals are reported by
U.N. Sustainable the Chief Compliance Officer to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Audit
Development Goals Committee and Board of Directors. For critical concerns, the issue details, findings and
response are disclosed. In addition, the data identifies case trends, including reporting
Awards and Recognition channels, case categories, organizations, locations and types of corrective actions taken.
Select Memberships 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 PS, Pages 5-7; 19; 27
and Partnerships Governance & Public Policy Committee Charter
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest PS, Pages 21-22
Forward-Looking
governance body Corporate Governance Principles
Statements
2-19 Remuneration policies Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 PS, Pages 36-55
Corporate Governance Principles
2-20 Process to determine remuneration Enhancing a Sustainability Culture, Page 15 PS, Pages 39-42
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 80]
| Nomination and selection of the highest governance body | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 |
----------------------------------------
2-11 | Chair of the highest governance body | | The Board chair is not an executive officer of the company. PS, Page 15 Board Chair Profile
| Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48; Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 |
2-13 | Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 | PS, Pages 16-17; 19-20; 27 Governance & Public Policy Committee Charter Audit Committee Charter CDP1 Climate Change Submission, C1 series CDP Water Security Submissions, W6 series
| Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 |
2-15 | Conflicts of interest | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 | PS, Pages 22; 24-25 Code of Ethical Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors
| Communication of critical concerns | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; Key ESG Data, Page 78 |
2-17 | Collective knowledge of the highest governance body | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 | PS, Pages 5-7; 19; 27 Governance & Public Policy Committee Charter
| Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body | |
2-19 | Remuneration policies | Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 | PS, Pages 36-55 Corporate Governance Principles
| Process to determine remuneration | Enhancing a Sustainability Culture, Page 15 |

Sustainability Report
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio
Introduction
Approach & Governance
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy
2-23 Policy commitments
People
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
2-24 Embedding policy commitments
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition
Select Memberships
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking
Statements

AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
PS, Page 66
PS 2022, Page 67
2021 estimated ratio: 169 to 1
2022 estimated ratio: 154 to 1
Change in ratio from 2021 to 2022: Nearly a 9% decrease
President and CEO Message, Pages 3-4 PS, Page 66
Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 Our Principles
Our Values
Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines
Code of Ethical Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors
Anti-Corruption Program
Boeing Code of Conduct
Supplier Principles
Supplier Code of Conduct
Conflict Minerals Policy
Code of Basic Working Conditions and Human Rights
Boeing Australia Modern Slavery Statement
Boeing UK Modern Slavery Statement
Precautionary Principle: Boeing has a robust enterprise risk management (ERM) process,
which is described in the Governance and Risk Management section. While the Precautionary
Principle is not specifically applied as part of our ERM, we do consider environmental
protection as a fundamental part of our approach to business. For example, the Due
Diligence program conducts reviews designed to reduce risks and to facilitate efficient
environment, health and safety integration of acquired properties and business operations.
Environmental considerations are also included in our life cycle assessments of products and
projects. Life cycle assessments are discussed further in the Products & Services section of
this report.
Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 PS, Pages 27-33
Our Principles
Our Values
Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines
Code of Ethical Business Conduct
Code of Ethical Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors
Anti-Corruption Program
Boeing Code of Conduct
Supplier Principles
Supplier Code of Conduct
Conflict Minerals Policy
Code of Basic Working Conditions and Human Rights
Boeing Australia Modern Slavery Statement
Boeing UK Modern Slavery Statement

[Table 1 — Page 81]
2-21 | Annual total compensation ratio | | PS, Page 66 PS 2022, Page 67 2021 estimated ratio: 169 to 1 2022 estimated ratio: 154 to 1 Change in ratio from 2021 to 2022: Nearly a 9% decrease
----------------------------------------
| Statement on sustainable development strategy | President and CEO Message, Pages 3-4 |
2-23 | Policy commitments | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 | Our Principles Our Values Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines Code of Ethical Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors Anti-Corruption Program Boeing Code of Conduct Supplier Principles Supplier Code of Conduct Conflict Minerals Policy Code of Basic Working Conditions and Human Rights Boeing Australia Modern Slavery Statement Boeing UK Modern Slavery Statement Precautionary Principle: Boeing has a robust enterprise risk management (ERM) process, which is described in the Governance and Risk Management section. While the Precautionary Principle is not specifically applied as part of our ERM, we do consider environmental protection as a fundamental part of our approach to business. For example, the Due Diligence program conducts reviews designed to reduce risks and to facilitate efficient environment, health and safety integration of acquired properties and business operations. Environmental considerations are also included in our life cycle assessments of products and projects. Life cycle assessments are discussed further in the Products & Services section of this report.
| Embedding policy commitments | Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 |

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; PS, Pages 16-17
Introduction Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11; Integrity Counts – Confidential & Anonymous Reporting System
Communities, Pages 67-72 Contacting Ethics
Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines
Audit Committee Charter
Approach & Governance
Remediation
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 PS, Page 32
Integrity Counts – Confidential & Anonymous Reporting System
People
Contacting Ethics
Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines
Audit Committee Charter
Products & Services
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Boeing paid one federal reportable penalty in 2022. At the end of 2021, stormwater samples
Pages 60-61; collected at the Santa Susana Field Lab exceeded the site-specific permit limits for copper,
Key ESG Data, Pages 74-78 chronic toxicity, iron, manganese, dioxin (TCDD), and biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) at
Operations one or more outfalls. The penalty incurred was $22,000. The site experienced high-intensity
rain events in the fourth quarter of 2021 that resulted in higher than normal rates of erosion
from the site; the excess levels are believed to be attributable to natural sources — such
Communities as increased erosion of natural soils, decaying vegetation or waterfowl waste — and
nonindustrial sources – such as road runoff and soils adjacent to telephone/utility poles.
Excess copper and chronic toxicity were not attributed to an identifiable source and were
episodic in nature where laboratory error was suspected.
Reporting
Boeing paid $27,275 in fines regarding environmental noncompliance that occurred in the
Key ESG Data current reporting cycle; Boeing paid $3,000 in fines regarding environmental noncompliance
that occurred in a previous reporting cycle.
GRI Index
2-28 Membership associations Select Memberships and Partnerships, Page 98 2022 Trade Association Memberships
SASB Index CDP1 climate report C12.3b
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11; PS, Pages 4, 27-32
TCFD Index
Approach & Governance, Pages 9-17 Boeing considers stakeholders’ interests to identify and prioritize the most relevant issues
U.N. Sustainable and to assess the most significant challenges and risks facing the company. Throughout our
company disclosures and reports, we compile and share a broad set of data, information and
Development Goals
operating examples for our stakeholders, including our employees, customers, industry
Awards and Recognition partners, investors, regulatory authorities, communities and others. These diverse groups of
stakeholders have been identified by Boeing as being key to the business because of their
Select Memberships potential to influence or be affected by Boeing’s mission to protect, connect, and explore our
and Partnerships world and beyond.
Forward-Looking 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements AR, Page 2
Approximately 32% of Boeing’s total workforce are covered by collective bargaining
Statements
agreements.
82 1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 82]
2-25 | Processes to remediate negative impacts | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11; Communities, Pages 67-72 | PS, Pages 16-17 Integrity Counts – Confidential & Anonymous Reporting System Contacting Ethics Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines Audit Committee Charter Remediation
----------------------------------------
| Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 |
2-27 | Compliance with laws and regulations | Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance Pages 60-61; Key ESG Data, Pages 74-78 | Boeing paid one federal reportable penalty in 2022. At the end of 2021, stormwater samples collected at the Santa Susana Field Lab exceeded the site-specific permit limits for copper, chronic toxicity, iron, manganese, dioxin (TCDD), and biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) at one or more outfalls. The penalty incurred was $22,000. The site experienced high-intensity rain events in the fourth quarter of 2021 that resulted in higher than normal rates of erosion from the site; the excess levels are believed to be attributable to natural sources — such as increased erosion of natural soils, decaying vegetation or waterfowl waste — and nonindustrial sources – such as road runoff and soils adjacent to telephone/utility poles. Excess copper and chronic toxicity were not attributed to an identifiable source and were episodic in nature where laboratory error was suspected. Boeing paid $27,275 in fines regarding environmental noncompliance that occurred in the current reporting cycle; Boeing paid $3,000 in fines regarding environmental noncompliance that occurred in a previous reporting cycle.
| Membership associations | Select Memberships and Partnerships, Page 98 |
2-29 | Approach to stakeholder engagement | Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11; Approach & Governance, Pages 9-17 | PS, Pages 4, 27-32 Boeing considers stakeholders’ interests to identify and prioritize the most relevant issues and to assess the most significant challenges and risks facing the company. Throughout our company disclosures and reports, we compile and share a broad set of data, information and operating examples for our stakeholders, including our employees, customers, industry partners, investors, regulatory authorities, communities and others. These diverse groups of stakeholders have been identified by Boeing as being key to the business because of their potential to influence or be affected by Boeing’s mission to protect, connect, and explore our world and beyond.
| Collective bargaining agreements | |

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
GRI 3: Material Topics
Introduction
3-1 Process to determine material topics Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11
3-2 List of material topics Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 There are no changes to our list of material topics compared to the previous
Approach & Governance reporting period.
3-3 Management of material topics Company Profile, Page 10; PS, Pages 6-19, 21-22, 39-42
Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11; AR, Pages 2-3, 8-9, 16, 20-21, 28, 35, 37-38, 39
People Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; GRI 201: Economic Performance | Corporate Governance; Approach to Taxes
Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts | Community Engagement; 2023 Community
People, Pages 18-26; Engagement Portfolio
Products & Services Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20; GRI 204: Procurement Practice | Supplier Code of Conduct
Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, GRI 205: Anti-Corruption | Anti-Corruption Program
Pages 24-25; GRI 301: Materials | Environment; Airplane and Carbon Fiber Recycling Factsheet;
Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30 Conflict Mineral Policy
Operations
Sustainable Product Life Cycle, Pages 31-32; GRI 302: Energy | Environmental Policy
Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48; GRI 303: Water | Environmental Policy; CDP Water Report
Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61; GRI 304: Biodiversity | Environmental Policy
Communities Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55; GRI 305: Emissions | Environmental Policy; CDP Climate Report1 C2.3a and C1
Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance, GRI 306: Waste | Environmental Policy; 76% of Boeing operations are covered, based on
Pages 60-61; square footage. All major manufacturing sites are covered by ISO14001 external certification
Responsible Supply Chain, Pages 62-65; GRI 307: Environmental Compliance | Environmental Policy; Environmental: ISO14001
Reporting
Communities, Pages 67-72; Certifications; 76% of Boeing operations are covered, based on square footage. All major
Key ESG Data Key ESG Data, Pages 74-78 manufacturing sites are covered by ISO14001 external certification
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment | Supplier Code of Conduct
GRI Index GRI 401: Employment | Working Here
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety | Safety Management System Policy; Safety at Boeing
SASB Index GRI 404: Training and Education | Careers; Benefits
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity | PS, 6-7; 8-14; Boeing 2023 Global Equity,
TCFD Index
Diversity & Inclusion Report; Boeing EEO-1 report
U.N. Sustainable GRI 406: Nondiscrimination | Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining | Human Rights; Code of Basic
Development Goals
Working Conditions and Human Rights
Awards and Recognition GRI 413: Local Communities | Community Engagement
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment | Supplier Code of Conduct; Boeing Australia Modern
Select Memberships Slavery Statement; Boeing UK Modern Slavery Statement
and Partnerships GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety | 2023 Chief Aerospace Safety Officer Report;
Aerospace Safety Committee Charter; Safety at Boeing; Supplier Quality
Forward-Looking
Statements GRI 201: Economic Performance
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Company Profile, Page 10; AR, Pages 2-3, 16, 53-58
2022 Community Engagement Highlights, Page 68;
Key ESG Data, Page 78
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48; CDP Climate Report1 C2.3a, C2.4a
83 due to climate change Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55 AR, Pages 4, 15
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 83]
3-1 | Process to determine material topics | Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 |
----------------------------------------
| List of material topics | Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11 |
3-3 | Management of material topics | Company Profile, Page 10; Advancing Our Sustainability Journey, Page 11; Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; People, Pages 18-26; Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20; Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, Pages 24-25; Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30 Sustainable Product Life Cycle, Pages 31-32; Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48; Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61; Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55; Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance, Pages 60-61; Responsible Supply Chain, Pages 62-65; Communities, Pages 67-72; Key ESG Data, Pages 74-78 | PS, Pages 6-19, 21-22, 39-42 AR, Pages 2-3, 8-9, 16, 20-21, 28, 35, 37-38, 39 GRI 201: Economic Performance | Corporate Governance; Approach to Taxes GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts | Community Engagement; 2023 Community Engagement Portfolio GRI 204: Procurement Practice | Supplier Code of Conduct GRI 205: Anti-Corruption | Anti-Corruption Program GRI 301: Materials | Environment; Airplane and Carbon Fiber Recycling Factsheet; Conflict Mineral Policy GRI 302: Energy | Environmental Policy GRI 303: Water | Environmental Policy; CDP Water Report GRI 304: Biodiversity | Environmental Policy GRI 305: Emissions | Environmental Policy; CDP Climate Report1 C2.3a and C1 GRI 306: Waste | Environmental Policy; 76% of Boeing operations are covered, based on square footage. All major manufacturing sites are covered by ISO14001 external certification GRI 307: Environmental Compliance | Environmental Policy; Environmental: ISO14001 Certifications; 76% of Boeing operations are covered, based on square footage. All major manufacturing sites are covered by ISO14001 external certification GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment | Supplier Code of Conduct GRI 401: Employment | Working Here GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety | Safety Management System Policy; Safety at Boeing GRI 404: Training and Education | Careers; Benefits GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity | PS, 6-7; 8-14; Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report; Boeing EEO-1 report GRI 406: Nondiscrimination | Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining | Human Rights; Code of Basic Working Conditions and Human Rights GRI 413: Local Communities | Community Engagement GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment | Supplier Code of Conduct; Boeing Australia Modern Slavery Statement; Boeing UK Modern Slavery Statement GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety | 2023 Chief Aerospace Safety Officer Report; Aerospace Safety Committee Charter; Safety at Boeing; Supplier Quality

[Table 2 — Page 83]
201-1 | Direct economic value generated and distributed | Company Profile, Page 10; 2022 Community Engagement Highlights, Page 68; Key ESG Data, Page 78 | AR, Pages 2-3, 16, 53-58
----------------------------------------
| Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change | Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48; Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55 |

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 2022 Community Engagement Highlights, AR, Pages 25, 44, 63, 90-99
Introduction Page 68; Benefits
Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78
201-4 Financial assistance received from government AR, Pages 85-86
Approach & Governance
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Boeing’s U.S. Footprint: Interactive Map
People
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts CSO Message, Pages 5-6; Boeing’s U.S. Footprint: Interactive Map
Advanced Technology, Pages 42-44; In 2022, Boeing announced its Aatmanirbhar Bharat strategy for India’s defense industry,
Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48 This project has the potential economic impact of $3.6 billion over 10 years for the Indian
Products & Services
economy. This was rolled out as part of Boeing’s Make in India initiatives, building on a
successful track record of contributing to India’s indigenous aerospace and defense
ecosystem.
Operations Boeing Australia’s partnership with the Indigenous Defence and Infrastructure Consortium
(iDiC) was recognized by Australia’s Supply Nation as the 2022 Supplier Diversity Partnership
of the Year. Boeing Defence Australia has achieved more than 17 million Australian dollars in
Communities accumulated Indigenous supply chain spend since 2012. One of many milestones was the
first Indigenous-owned business in Australia to become qualified to audit or certify under
AS9100.
Reporting GRI 204: Procurement Practices
Key ESG Data 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 89% of our suppliers are local to our significant locations of operations, and spend with these
local suppliers comprised 81% of our supplier spend. Local suppliers are defined as
GRI Index domestic in relation to the location of operation; significant locations of operation are defined
as major operational areas as determined by square footage.
SASB Index
GRI 205: Anti-Corruption
TCFD Index
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 Anti-Corruption Program
U.N. Sustainable and procedures
Development Goals
GRI 301: Materials
Awards and Recognition
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume Sustainable Product Life Cycle, Pages 31-32; AR, Pages 4-5
Select Memberships Responsible Supply Chain, Pages 62-65
and Partnerships
GRI 302: Energy
Forward-Looking
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Key ESG Data, Page 74 CDP Climate Report1 C8.2a
Statements
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 84]
201-3 | Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans | 2022 Community Engagement Highlights, Page 68; Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 | AR, Pages 25, 44, 63, 90-99 Benefits
----------------------------------------
| Financial assistance received from government | |

[Table 2 — Page 84]
203-1 | Infrastructure investments and services supported | | Boeing’s U.S. Footprint: Interactive Map
----------------------------------------
| Significant indirect economic impacts | CSO Message, Pages 5-6; Advanced Technology, Pages 42-44; Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48 |

[Table 3 — Page 84]
204-1 | Proportion of spending on local suppliers | | 89% of our suppliers are local to our significant locations of operations, and spend with these local suppliers comprised 81% of our supplier spend. Local suppliers are defined as domestic in relation to the location of operation; significant locations of operation are defined as major operational areas as determined by square footage.
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 84]
205-2 | Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 | Anti-Corruption Program
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 84]
301-1 | Materials used by weight or volume | Sustainable Product Life Cycle, Pages 31-32; Responsible Supply Chain, Pages 62-65 | AR, Pages 4-5
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 84]
302-1 | Energy consumption within the organization | Key ESG Data, Page 74 | CDP Climate Report1 C8.2a
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
302-3 Energy intensity Key ESG Data, Page 74 CDP Climate Report1
Introduction The energy intensity ratio includes total energy use divided by revenue. This figure represents
purchased renewable energy and purchased nonrenewable energy, including: natural gas,
electricity, No. 2 petroleum diesel, No. 5 petroleum oil, No. 6 residual fuel oil, motor gasoline,
jet fuel, propane, aviation gasoline, liquefied petroleum gas, diesel oil and sustainable aviation
Approach & Governance
fuel. This ratio includes energy from sites considered within our “operational control,”
following GHG Protocol in defining our organizational boundary.
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Key ESG Data, Page 74; CDP Climate Report1
People
Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61 Boeing’s switch to LED lighting in its Everett, Washington; Frederickson, Washington; and El
Segundo, California, facilities is driving an annual recurring savings of 25.3 million kWh.
Products & Services 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products Key ESG Data, Page 74; CDP Climate Report1
and services Advanced Technology, Pages 42-44; SASB RT-AE-410a.1; RT-AE-410a.2
Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61
Operations GRI 303: Water and Effluents
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61; CDP Water Report
Communities, Pages 67-72 Key to Boeing’s water stewardship efforts is our internal Conservation Best Practices
Communities
program that engages all employees from the shop floor to our C-suite. Conservation Best
Practices are low-cost, proven initiatives that reduce resource use by Boeing operations.
In 2022, Boeing focused water reduction efforts on improving process efficiencies across
Reporting the company.
We utilize monthly metrics to identify irregularities that may indicate an impact on water
Key ESG Data
consumption that requires action, as well as the Conservation Best Practice (CBP) program
to minimize on-site water use. Boeing utilizes many of the water management techniques
GRI Index
endorsed by the U.S. EPA in this CBP program, which include: Meter/Measure/Manage;
SASB Index Optimize Cooling towers; Replace Restroom Fixtures; Eliminate Single Pass Cooling; Use
Water-Smart Landscaping and Irrigation.
TCFD Index Boeing regularly reviews industry best practices and utilizes ISO 14001 to target continuous
improvement opportunities, enhance environmental performance, meet its compliance
U.N. Sustainable
obligations and achieve its reduction goals.
Development Goals
303-2 Management of water-related impacts Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61 CDP Water Report
Awards and Recognition
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.
Select Memberships
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking
Statements

[Table 1 — Page 85]
| Energy intensity | Key ESG Data, Page 74 |
----------------------------------------
302-4 | Reduction of energy consumption | Key ESG Data, Page 74; Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61 | CDP Climate Report1 Boeing’s switch to LED lighting in its Everett, Washington; Frederickson, Washington; and El Segundo, California, facilities is driving an annual recurring savings of 25.3 million kWh.
| Reductions in energy requirements of products and services | Key ESG Data, Page 74; Advanced Technology, Pages 42-44; Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61 |

[Table 2 — Page 85]
303-1 | Interactions with water as a shared resource | Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61; Communities, Pages 67-72 | CDP Water Report Key to Boeing’s water stewardship efforts is our internal Conservation Best Practices program that engages all employees from the shop floor to our C-suite. Conservation Best Practices are low-cost, proven initiatives that reduce resource use by Boeing operations. In 2022, Boeing focused water reduction efforts on improving process efficiencies across the company. We utilize monthly metrics to identify irregularities that may indicate an impact on water consumption that requires action, as well as the Conservation Best Practice (CBP) program to minimize on-site water use. Boeing utilizes many of the water management techniques endorsed by the U.S. EPA in this CBP program, which include: Meter/Measure/Manage; Optimize Cooling towers; Replace Restroom Fixtures; Eliminate Single Pass Cooling; Use Water-Smart Landscaping and Irrigation. Boeing regularly reviews industry best practices and utilizes ISO 14001 to target continuous improvement opportunities, enhance environmental performance, meet its compliance obligations and achieve its reduction goals.
----------------------------------------
| Management of water-related impacts | Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61 |

Sustainability Report
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title
303-3 Water withdrawal
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition
Select Memberships
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking 303-4 Water discharge
Statements
303-5 Water consumption
GRI 304: Biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored

AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61; CDP Water Report W1.2
Key ESG Data, Page 75 Boeing utilized the Aqueduct project of the World Resources Institute (WRI) to systematically
evaluate each location to determine whether a facility is located in a water- stressed area.
Key ESG Data, Page 75 CDP Water Report
Key ESG Data, Page 75 CDP Water Report
Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance, Duwamish Waterway
Pages 60-61 Santa Susana
retiL
ageM
Water Withdraw by Source Type
3,000.00
2,500.00 Surface Water
Surface & Ground Water
2,000.00 Ground Water
1,500.00
1,000.00
500.00
–
Low Low- Medium- High Extremely
Medium High High
Source: Third-party data, municipal water meters
Boundary: 4-Walls Metric Sites, 84% of Company Population
Water Withdraw Type (Mega Liter)
Reclaimed Water,
9,783
Surface Water,
2,601.57
Surface & Ground Water,
1,535.91
Ground Water, 418.89
Source: Third-party data, municipal water meters
Boundary: 4-Walls Metric Sites, 84% of Company Population

[Table 1 — Page 86]
303-3 | Water withdrawal | Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61; Key ESG Data, Page 75 | CDP Water Report W1.2 Boeing utilized the Aqueduct project of the World Resources Institute (WRI) to systematically evaluate each location to determine whether a facility is located in a water- stressed area. Water Withdraw by Source Type 3,000.00 2,500.00 Surface Water Surface & Ground Water retiL 2,000.00 Ground Water ageM 1,500.00 1,000.00 500.00 – Low Low- Medium- High Extremely Medium High High Source: Third-party data, municipal water meters Boundary: 4-Walls Metric Sites, 84% of Company Population Water Withdraw Type (Mega Liter) Reclaimed Water, 9,783 Surface Water, 2,601.57 Surface & Ground Water, 1,535.91 Ground Water, 418.89 Source: Third-party data, municipal water meters Boundary: 4-Walls Metric Sites, 84% of Company Population
----------------------------------------
| Water discharge | Key ESG Data, Page 75 |
303-5 | Water consumption | Key ESG Data, Page 75 | CDP Water Report

[Table 2 — Page 86]
| | | | | Surface Water
----------------------------------------
| | | | | Surface & Ground Water
| | | Ground Water | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |

[Table 3 — Page 86]
304-3 | Habitats protected or restored | Biodiversity and Environmental Compliance, Pages 60-61 | Duwamish Waterway Santa Susana
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
GRI 305: Emissions
Introduction
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Key ESG Data, Page 75 CDP Climate Report1 C6.1
GHG Supplement
Approach & Governance 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Key ESG Data, Page 75 CDP Cimate Report1 C6.3
GHG Supplement
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Key ESG Data, Page 75 CDP Climate Report1 C6.5
People GHG Supplement
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Key ESG Data, Page 75 CDP Climate Report1 C6.10
GHG Supplement
Products & Services
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Sustainability Goals, Page 12; CDP Climate Report1 C4
Operational Targets Progress, Page 53 GHG Supplement
Operations GRI 306 (2016): Effluents and Waste
306-3 Significant spills Key ESG Data, Page 76;
Operations, Page 61
Communities
GRI 306: Waste
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76 Boeing generates nonhazardous solid waste through a number of activities: Manufacturing,
Reporting production and design of products; Packaging from materials received at facilities; On-site
facility maintenance activities; Employee-generated office waste; Food-related waste
Key ESG Data
(cafeterias, employee lunches and vended products); and Construction projects.
GRI Index 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76; Airplane and Carbon Fiber Recycling Fact Sheet
Operational Targets Progress, Page 53 Boeing has dedicated internal teams to prevent waste from going to the landfill. Our
SASB Index
reclamation team works to capture and collect materials across the company, while our
TCFD Index investment recovery team repurposes materials, facilitates donations and sells scrap
materials. Our packaging team assesses opportunities to return or reuse packaging for parts
U.N. Sustainable and materials. Packaging engineers have developed standards for reusing containers with
Development Goals our suppliers. Our employees also develop processes to reuse and repurpose incoming
packing materials, helping to reduce waste and cost. The Boeing Supplier Code of Conduct,
Awards and Recognition based on the International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct for the Aerospace and
Defense Industry’s model code, provides suppliers with a set of responsible business
Select Memberships
conduct expectations consistent with our policies, principles and ESG efforts.
and Partnerships
306-3 Waste generated Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76
Forward-Looking
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76
Statements
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 87]
GRI 305: Emissions | | |
----------------------------------------
305-1 | Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions | Key ESG Data, Page 75 | CDP Climate Report1 C6.1 GHG Supplement
| Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions | Key ESG Data, Page 75 |
305-3 | Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions | Key ESG Data, Page 75 | CDP Climate Report1 C6.5 GHG Supplement
| GHG emissions intensity | Key ESG Data, Page 75 |
305-5 | Reduction of GHG emissions | Sustainability Goals, Page 12; Operational Targets Progress, Page 53 | CDP Climate Report1 C4 GHG Supplement
GRI 306 (2016): Effluents and Waste | | |
306-3 | Significant spills | Key ESG Data, Page 76; Operations, Page 61 |
GRI 306: Waste | | |
306-1 | Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts | Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76 | Boeing generates nonhazardous solid waste through a number of activities: Manufacturing, production and design of products; Packaging from materials received at facilities; On-site facility maintenance activities; Employee-generated office waste; Food-related waste (cafeterias, employee lunches and vended products); and Construction projects.
| Management of significant waste-related impacts | Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76; Operational Targets Progress, Page 53 |
306-3 | Waste generated | Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76 |

Sustainability Report
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s)
306-5 Waste directed to disposal Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76
Introduction
Approach & Governance
People GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental
criteria
Products & Services
GRI 401: Employment
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover
Operations
401-3 Parental leave
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
GRI Index
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations
SASB Index
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes
TCFD Index
U.N. Sustainable
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety
Development Goals
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20;
Awards and Recognition
Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78
Select Memberships 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20
and Partnerships investigation
Forward-Looking 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20;
Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78
Statements
403-6 Promotion of worker health Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20;
Employee Well-Being, Pages 21-23

AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
Generally, third-party vendors handle transport and disposal of Boeing waste. The company
contracts with vendors who provide waste-to-landfill, waste-to-energy, recycling and
composting services. Vendors provide disposal data, and in the absence of weight-based
data, Boeing calculates weight using a parametric approach. Hazardous waste is determined
from U.S. EPA hazardous manifest or equivalent government shipping documents.
With profile waste designations determining the type of waste and Management codes
determining the disposal method.
Boeing does not screen suppliers using environmental criteria.
AR, Page 3
Benefits
In 2022:
• 98,821 employees were eligible for paid parental leave: 25,657 women, 72.644 men and
520 people of unknown gender.
• 4,305 employees took paid parental leave: 834 women, 3,451 men and 20 people of
unknown gender.
• 4,140 employees returned from paid parental leave: 769 women, 3,351 men and 20 people
of unknown gender.
3,991 employees who took paid parental leave in 2022 were still employed as of
May 15, 2023: 776 women, 3,196 men and 19 people of unknown gender.
We provide advance notice in accordance with all applicable legal and/or contractual
requirements in the different locations where we operate.

[Table 1 — Page 88]
306-5 | Waste directed to disposal | Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76 | Generally, third-party vendors handle transport and disposal of Boeing waste. The company contracts with vendors who provide waste-to-landfill, waste-to-energy, recycling and composting services. Vendors provide disposal data, and in the absence of weight-based data, Boeing calculates weight using a parametric approach. Hazardous waste is determined from U.S. EPA hazardous manifest or equivalent government shipping documents. With profile waste designations determining the type of waste and Management codes determining the disposal method.
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 88]
308-1 | New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria | | Boeing does not screen suppliers using environmental criteria.
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 88]
401-1 | New employee hires and employee turnover | | AR, Page 3
----------------------------------------
| Parental leave | |

[Table 4 — Page 88]
402-1 | Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes | | We provide advance notice in accordance with all applicable legal and/or contractual requirements in the different locations where we operate.
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 88]
403-1 | Occupational health and safety management system | Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20; Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 |
----------------------------------------
| Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident investigation | Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20 |
403-5 | Worker training on occupational health and safety | Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20; Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 |

Sustainability Report
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s)
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20
Introduction management system
403-9 Work-related injuries Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20;
Key ESG Data, Page 77
Approach & Governance
403-10 Work-related ill health Key ESG Data, Page 77
GRI 404: Training and Education
People
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition
Products & Services assistance programs
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity
Operations 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Key ESG Data, Page 77
GRI 406: Nondiscrimination
Communities
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17;
Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78
Reporting
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining
Key ESG Data
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of
association and collective bargaining may be at risk
GRI Index
GRI 413: Local Communities
SASB Index
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact Communities, Pages 67-72
TCFD Index
assessments and development programs (percentage of
U.N. Sustainable operations)
Development Goals 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative Communities, Pages 67-72
impacts on local communities
Awards and Recognition
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment
Select Memberships
and Partnerships 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
Forward-Looking
Statements

AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
AR, Page 3
Benefits
PS, Page 7
Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report
Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report
AR, Page 17
2023 Boeing Global Engagement Portfolio
Boeing’s U.S. Footprint: Interactive Map
Boeing’s U.S. Footprint: Interactive Map
Remediation
Boeing does not screen suppliers using social criteria.

[Table 1 — Page 89]
| Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system | Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20 |
----------------------------------------
403-9 | Work-related injuries | Workplace Safety, Pages 19-20; Key ESG Data, Page 77 |
| Work-related ill health | Key ESG Data, Page 77 |

[Table 2 — Page 89]
404-1 | Average hours of training per year per employee | Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 | AR, Page 3
----------------------------------------
| Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs | |

[Table 3 — Page 89]
Diversity of governance bodies and employees | Key ESG Data, Page 77
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 89]
406-1 | Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17; Key ESG Data, Pages 77-78 | Boeing 2023 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 89]
407-1 | Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk | | AR, Page 17
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 89]
413-1 | Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments and development programs (percentage of operations) | Communities, Pages 67-72 | 2023 Boeing Global Engagement Portfolio Boeing’s U.S. Footprint: Interactive Map
----------------------------------------
| Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities | Communities, Pages 67-72 |

[Table 7 — Page 89]
414-1 | New suppliers that were screened using social criteria | | Boeing does not screen suppliers using social criteria.
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
Contents
Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s)
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety
Introduction
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30
and service categories
Approach & Governance 416-2 Incidents of noncompliance concerning the health and Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30
safety impacts of products and services
GRI 418: Customer Privacy
People
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of Enterprise Security and Data Privacy, Page 66
customer privacy and losses of customer data
Products & Services
Operations
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition
Select Memberships
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking
Statements

AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Additional Reference(s)/Link(s)
Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents
SASB RT-AE-250a.3
Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents
SASB RT-AE-230a.2

[Table 1 — Page 90]
416-1 | Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories | Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30 | Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents
----------------------------------------
| Incidents of noncompliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services | Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30 |

[Table 2 — Page 90]
418-1 | Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data | Enterprise Security and Data Privacy, Page 66 | SASB RT-AE-230a.2
----------------------------------------

Sustainability Report
SASB Index
Contents AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Accounting Metric Code Boeing Metric or Qualitative Disclosure(s) and Disclosure Location(s)
Introduction
Energy Management
Total energy consumed RT-AE-130a.1 Key ESG Data, Page 74
CDP Climate Report1
Approach & Governance
Percentage of grid electricity RT-AE-130a.1 Key ESG Data, Page 74
Percentage of renewable energy RT-AE-130a.1 Key ESG Data, Page 74; Sustainability Goals, Page 12
People
Hazardous Waste Management
Amount of hazardous waste generated RT-AE-150a.1 Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76
Products & Services
Percentage of hazardous waste recycled RT-AE-150a.1 Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76
Operations Number and aggregate quantity of RT-AE-150a.2 Key ESG Data, Page 76
reportable spills
Quantity recovered from reportable spills RT-AE-150a.2 Key ESG Data, Page 76
Communities
Data Security
Description of approach to identifying RT-AE-230a.2 We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. As cyber threats
Reporting and addressing data security risks in increase in volume and sophistication, the risk to the security of these systems and networks — and to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of
company operations the data they house — continues to evolve, requiring constant vigilance and concerted, companywide risk management efforts. Boeing takes a
Key ESG Data risk-based approach to managing the security of its data and has a documented low-risk appetite for cybersecurity and data protection, while
recognizing that business requirements may necessitate adjustments to that risk tolerance. To address these risks, we maintain an extensive network
GRI Index
of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight. We also have established a Security
SASB Index Council to strengthen governance and coordination of cyber and physical security activities. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect
and respond to unauthorized activity, there is no guarantee that they will be sufficient to prevent or mitigate the risk of a cyberattack or data loss or
TCFD Index the potentially serious reputational, operational or financial impacts that may result. A strong partnership exists between IT, Enterprise Security,
Corporate Audit, and Legal to ensure identified issues are addressed in a timely manner and incidents are reported to the appropriate regulatory
U.N. Sustainable
bodies as required.
Development Goals
Description of approach to identifying and RT-AE-230a.2 Product Security Engineering provides a disciplined approach to the development and sustainment of our products, which is essential to ensuring
Awards and Recognition addressing data security risks in products mission assurance, resiliency and security. Security is integrated into our engineering processes, starting from concept development, ensuring
that we develop products that are secure by design. Key cyber attributes and adversity (or threat) to the system are identified during requirements
Select Memberships engineering, allocated throughout design, implemented and validated during development, fully tested and supported during sustainment. Additionally,
and Partnerships Boeing works to ensure that our products are designed to anticipate, withstand, recover and adapt to cyberattack. Specifically, our security processes
ensure that we have high-level requirements to baseline and monitor data flow and system behavior, detect anomalies and actively manage system
Forward-Looking
configuration. The ability of our systems to understand normal operations and rapidly detect and mitigate the abnormal, combined with the security
Statements engineering focus of our development processes, provides Boeing’s programs with a proactive approach to risk management. Product Security is also
integrated into the Boeing enterprise Incident Response process, and we work seamless with stakeholders to rapidly identify, analyze, and mitigate
vulnerabilities and breaches across our portfolio.
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 91]
Total energy consumed | RT-AE-130a.1 | Key ESG Data, Page 74 CDP Climate Report1
----------------------------------------
| RT-AE-130a.1 |
Percentage of renewable energy | RT-AE-130a.1 | Key ESG Data, Page 74; Sustainability Goals, Page 12

[Table 2 — Page 91]
Amount of hazardous waste generated | RT-AE-150a.1 | Key ESG Data, Pages 75-76
----------------------------------------
| RT-AE-150a.1 |
Number and aggregate quantity of reportable spills | RT-AE-150a.2 | Key ESG Data, Page 76
| RT-AE-150a.2 |

[Table 3 — Page 91]
Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks in company operations | RT-AE-230a.2 | We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. As cyber threats increase in volume and sophistication, the risk to the security of these systems and networks — and to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data they house — continues to evolve, requiring constant vigilance and concerted, companywide risk management efforts. Boeing takes a risk-based approach to managing the security of its data and has a documented low-risk appetite for cybersecurity and data protection, while recognizing that business requirements may necessitate adjustments to that risk tolerance. To address these risks, we maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight. We also have established a Security Council to strengthen governance and coordination of cyber and physical security activities. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity, there is no guarantee that they will be sufficient to prevent or mitigate the risk of a cyberattack or data loss or the potentially serious reputational, operational or financial impacts that may result. A strong partnership exists between IT, Enterprise Security, Corporate Audit, and Legal to ensure identified issues are addressed in a timely manner and incidents are reported to the appropriate regulatory bodies as required.
----------------------------------------
| RT-AE-230a.2 |

Sustainability Report
AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Contents
Accounting Metric Code Boeing Metric or Qualitative Disclosure(s) and Disclosure Location(s)
Product Safety
Introduction
Number of Airworthiness Directives received RT-AE-250a.3 53 (see the FAA Dynamic Regulatory System)
Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents
Approach & Governance Fuel Economy and Emissions in Use-Phase
Revenue from alternative-energy-related products RT-AE-410a.1 Per ASTM standards, all commercial turbojet airplanes are certified to fly revenue passengers with a blend of up to 50% sustainable aviation fuels
derived from biomass and other sustainable sources that can reduce CO emissions by up to 80% over conventional fossil jet fuel on a life cycle
People basis. Boeing Commercial Airplanes 2022 revenues were $25,867 million USD and are listed in our AR, Page 22; CDP1 C4.5a.
Description of approach and discussion of strategy RT-AE-410a.2 Global Aerospace Safety, Pages 28-30
to address fuel economy and GHG emissions of Innovation and Clean Technology, Pages 33-48
Products & Services products Sustainable Product Life Cycle, Pages 31-32
Materials Sourcing
Operations Description of the management of risks RT-AE-440a.1 AR, Pages 4-5
associated with the use of critical materials We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most
important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings
Communities and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of
the sources could take a year or more. During 2022, as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, we suspended purchasing titanium from Russia. This has
not disrupted our operations as we have been able to use inventory on hand and identify alternative sources. Many major components and product
equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis. We continue to work with a small number of sole-source suppliers to ensure
Reporting
continuity of supply for certain items.
Key ESG Data Business Ethics
GRI Index Discussion of processes to manage business RT-AE-510a.3 Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17
ethics risks throughout the value chain Ethics and Compliance
SASB Index
Anti-Corruption
Suppliers: Suppliers are encouraged to model their ethics program in accordance with the Federal Sentencing Guidelines and industry best
TCFD Index
practices. Boeing believes that our suppliers and partners share the goal of maintaining the highest standards of business conduct as defined
U.N. Sustainable in our Boeing Supplier Code of Conduct. This shared goal helps enable compliant company performance across all geographic locations. We also
Development Goals recognize that continued, collaborative partnership between our company, suppliers and other third parties leads to relationships built on trust and
respect — which leads to enhanced business performance. Suppliers: https://www.boeingsuppliers.com/supplier_principles.html#/ethics
Awards and Recognition
Activity Metrics
Select Memberships
Production by reportable segment RT-AE-000.A AR, Pages 136-144
and Partnerships
Orders and Deliveries
Forward-Looking Patents: 3,938 in 2022 (U.S. and non-U.S.); 60,239 since 1962 (U.S. and non-U.S.)
Statements Number of employees RT-AE-000.B 156,000
Key ESG Data, Page 77
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP Climate Report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 92]
Number of Airworthiness Directives received | RT-AE-250a.3 | 53 (see the FAA Dynamic Regulatory System) Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 92]
Revenue from alternative-energy-related products | RT-AE-410a.1 | Per ASTM standards, all commercial turbojet airplanes are certified to fly revenue passengers with a blend of up to 50% sustainable aviation fuels derived from biomass and other sustainable sources that can reduce CO emissions by up to 80% over conventional fossil jet fuel on a life cycle 2 basis. Boeing Commercial Airplanes 2022 revenues were $25,867 million USD and are listed in our AR, Page 22; CDP1 C4.5a.
----------------------------------------
| RT-AE-410a.2 |

[Table 3 — Page 92]
Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials | RT-AE-440a.1 | AR, Pages 4-5 We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials, parts and subassemblies from our suppliers and subcontractors. The most important raw materials required for our aerospace products are aluminum (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions), titanium (sheet, plate, forgings and extrusions) and composites (including carbon and boron). Although alternative sources generally exist for these raw materials, qualification of the sources could take a year or more. During 2022, as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, we suspended purchasing titanium from Russia. This has not disrupted our operations as we have been able to use inventory on hand and identify alternative sources. Many major components and product equipment items are procured or subcontracted on a sole-source basis. We continue to work with a small number of sole-source suppliers to ensure continuity of supply for certain items.
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 92]
Discussion of processes to manage business ethics risks throughout the value chain | RT-AE-510a.3 | Ethical and Compliant Business, Pages 16-17 Ethics and Compliance Anti-Corruption Suppliers: Suppliers are encouraged to model their ethics program in accordance with the Federal Sentencing Guidelines and industry best practices. Boeing believes that our suppliers and partners share the goal of maintaining the highest standards of business conduct as defined in our Boeing Supplier Code of Conduct. This shared goal helps enable compliant company performance across all geographic locations. We also recognize that continued, collaborative partnership between our company, suppliers and other third parties leads to relationships built on trust and respect — which leads to enhanced business performance. Suppliers: https://www.boeingsuppliers.com/supplier_principles.html#/ethics
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 92]
Production by reportable segment | RT-AE-000.A | AR, Pages 136-144 Orders and Deliveries Patents: 3,938 in 2022 (U.S. and non-U.S.); 60,239 since 1962 (U.S. and non-U.S.)
----------------------------------------
| RT-AE-000.B |

Sustainability Report
TCFD Index
Contents AR = 2022 Annual Report
PS = 2023 Proxy Statement
Disclosure TCFD Recommended Disclosure Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)
Introduction
Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities Governance and Risk Management, CDP Climate Report1 1.1.b
Pages 13-14;
Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55
Approach & Governance Governance
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks Governance and Risk Management, CDP Climate Report1 C1.2
and opportunities Pages 13-14;
Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55
People
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has CDP Climate Report1 C2.3a, C2.4a
identified over the short, medium and long term
Products & Services
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the CDP Climate Report1 C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.3, C3.4
Strategy organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning
Operations
Describe the potential impact of different scenarios, including a 2 degree Cel- CDP Climate Report1 C3.2.a
sius scenario, on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning
Communities
Describe the organization’s process for identifying and assessing Governance and Risk Management, CDP Climate Report1 C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a
climate-related risks Pages 13-14
Reporting
Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks Governance and Risk Management, CDP Climate Report1 C2.1, C2.2
Key ESG Data Risk
Pages 13-14
Management
GRI Index
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate- Governance and Risk Management, CDP Climate Report1 C2.1, C2.2
SASB Index related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management Pages 13-14
TCFD Index
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks CDP Climate Report1 C4.1, C4.2, C9.1
U.N. Sustainable and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk-management process
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse Key ESG Data, Page 74 CDP Climate Report1 C6.1, C6.3, C6.5
Metrics
gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks
Select Memberships and Targets
and Partnerships
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks 2030 Goals, Page 12; CDP Climate Report1 C4.1, C4.1a, C4.2, C4.2b
Forward-Looking and opportunities and performance against targets Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55;
Statements Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61
1. Boeing participates annually in the CDP climate report. Our most recent response is available on our website here in accordance with the CDP reporting schedule.

[Table 1 — Page 93]
Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55 |
----------------------------------------
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14; Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55 | CDP Climate Report1 C1.2
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term | |
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning | | CDP Climate Report1 C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.3, C3.4
Describe the potential impact of different scenarios, including a 2 degree Cel- sius scenario, on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning | |
Describe the organization’s process for identifying and assessing climate-related risks | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 | CDP Climate Report1 C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a
Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 |
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate- related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management | Governance and Risk Management, Pages 13-14 | CDP Climate Report1 C2.1, C2.2
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk-management process | |
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks | Key ESG Data, Page 74 | CDP Climate Report1 C6.1, C6.3, C6.5
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets | 2030 Goals, Page 12; Addressing Climate Change, Pages 54-55; Sustainable Operations, Pages 52-61 |

U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) are a universal call to action
Sustainability Report
to end poverty, protect the planet, and improve the lives and prospects of
everyone, everywhere.1 Boeing supports all 17 SDGs and has identified 10
goals of focus, listed below and on the following pages, in which we are
committed to outcomes that make the world a better place for all.
Contents
Goal Key SDG Sub-Indicators 2023 Progress
Introduction • Boeing is celebrating 10 years of our Go for Zero initiative, which prioritizes workplace safety. Since Go for Zero’s introduction in 2013,
Boeing has seen significant reductions in serious safety accidents and injuries.
3.3
Good Health and • Boeing’s Lifesaving Rules are intended to reduce or eliminate risks created when around or performing processes recognized as High
3.7
Approach & Governance Well-Being Hazard Processes, preventing life-critical incidents.
3.9
• In 2022, Boeing hosted more than 60 well-being webinars, with 20,000+ employees attending. Topics included work/life balance, health
and well-being for various minority groups, fertility wellness, and physical and mental health.
People
• Amideast and Boeing announced an expanded partnership to support more Egyptian young people through STEM education with a
focus on sustainability. The expanded partnership will include STEM programs in robotics, graphics, animation, 3D printing, programming
Products & Services Quality 4 4 . . 3 4 and web development; a STEM entrepreneurship competition; and a new STEM Program for Climate Sustainability.
Education • In 2022, about 10,000 employees received tuition assistance for degree and nondegree programs.
4.7
• In 2022, Learn@Boeing was leveraged by 77,000 employees to develop knowledge and skills for their current role or to prepare for a
Operations future role.
• 90% of candidate interview slates for manager- or director-level roles included at least one woman globally, or at least one woman or
racial/ethnic minority in the U.S., showing that specific, measurable and financially relevant accountability has an effect on incentivizing
Communities
the right behaviors that naturally lead to more diverse outcomes. Our 2023 target is to increase participation to 92%.
• Boeing’s office in Saudi Arabia has doubled representation of women over the past six years in line with Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030,
which aims to increase gender diversity in the country’s workforce. Boeing continues to support workforce diversity locally by partnering
Reporting
Gender Equality 5.5.2 with nonprofits that help women from underserved communities join the labor market, and by funding research with Saudi universities
Key ESG Data such as Princess Nora University, the largest all-women university in the world.
• In partnership with the Boeing Women Inspiring Leadership Business Resource Group (BRG), supplier Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI)
GRI Index
hosted workshops in Vietnam and Japan to increase awareness of gender gaps and inspire leaders to take ownership for equity in the
SASB Index workplace. After the success of the workshops, both companies have agreed to collaborate on more events in 2023, including quarterly
roundtable discussions.
TCFD Index
• Boeing’s Aurora Bridge Bioswale project was designed to clean up polluted stormwater coming off the bridge, filtering the water and
U.N. Sustainable protecting the salmon in the canal below. It is one of 10 enhanced rain gardens at Boeing sites across Washington state.
Development Goals • Boeing partners with River LA’s Resilient Rio 51 program (RR51) to engage low-income, disadvantaged urban youth with the LA
Clean Water
Awards and Recognition and Sanitation 6.6 River through recreational activities combined with river-oriented curricula and leadership development. The program fosters river
stewardship and teaches students how to advocate for and apply sustainability practices to their lives.
Select Memberships • Boeing’s partnership with DigDeep on the Navajo Water Project brings safe, clean running water to homes in the Navajo nation, as well
and Partnerships
as septic systems, education and skilled job creation.
Forward-Looking • Boeing is collaborating with suppliers to ensure all commercial airplanes we deliver by 2030 will be compatible with 100% sustainable
Statements aviation fuel (SAF). In 2022, we purchased 5.6 million gallons (21.2 million liters) of blended SAF to support our commercial operations.
Affordable and 7.2 • Boeing and NASA continued their partnership testing the emissions of SAF. This year, the team conducted tests on the 2022 Boeing
Clean Energy 7.3 ecoDemonstrator, a 777-200ER (Extended Range) with Rolls-Royce Trent 800 engines and a 787-10 with GEnx-1B engines.
• Boeing has set a goal of achieving 100% renewable energy in operations by 2030. We achieved 35% renewable electricity in 2022
by increasing use of renewable electricity and purchasing renewable energy credits.
1. Source: https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/development-agenda/

[Table 1 — Page 94]
3.3 3.7 3.9
----------------------------------------
4.3 4.4 4.7
5.5.2
6.6
7.2 7.3

Sustainability Report
Contents
Goal Key SDG Sub-Indic
Introduction
8.2
Decent Work and
8.3
Economic Growth
Approach & Governance 8.4
People
9.1.2
Products & Services
9.3.1
Industry, Innovation 9.4.1
and Infrastructure 9.5.1
Operations 9.5.2
9.B.1
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
10.2.1
GRI Index
Reduced Inequalities 10.3.1
10.B.1
SASB Index
TCFD Index
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition
12.2
Select Memberships Responsible 12.4
and Partnerships Consumption 12.5
and Production 12.6
Forward-Looking 12.7
Statements

cators 2023 Progress
• Through the Boeing Technical Apprenticeship Program (BTAP) we are striving to place at least 1,000 technical apprentices into high-skill,
technical roles by 2025. The first Cybersecurity apprenticeship pilot cohort graduated in 2022, and 100% of participants are being placed
in Boeing jobs.
• Boeing and its employees donated $185.7 million and contributed 366,000 volunteer hours to 13,371 community partners in 2022 to
help build better communities worldwide.
• Boeing contracts with approximately 11,000 Tier-1 suppliers globally. In 2022, we spent nearly $4.6 billion with diverse suppliers and
small businesses.
• Boeing debuted The Boeing Cascade Climate Impact Model (Cascade) at the Farnborough International Airshow in 2022. This web
application uses digital technical data pulled from across the world to visualize how introducing various sustainable aviation options
would impact global emissions, providing a data-driven way for our stakeholders to make informed decisions about how to reach the
commercial aviation industry’s net-zero 2050 ambition.
• Boeing’s Wisk technology joint venture announced the world’s first self-flying, all-electric four-passenger vertical takeoff and landing
(eVTOL) air taxi in October, following the securing of $450 million from Boeing to advance certified autonomous electric flight in January.
Wisk will be the first candidate for certification of an eVTOL aircraft in the U.S.
• In January, GE Aviation announced it had selected Boeing and Aurora to support flight tests of its hybrid electric propulsion system, a
big step forward in exploring electric for the future of commercial flight to reduce carbon emissions.
• Since Boeing and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF) began their partnership in 2018, Boeing has quadrupled the number of
interns — many of whom return for a full-time position — hired through partner Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs)
and extended the company’s reach to more than 6,800 HBCU students. In 2022 we announced a new $8 million, multiyear partnership
that will support campus recruitment initiatives, career immersion activities, TMCF Leadership Institute programming and student
scholarships through 2026.
• For the second year in a row, we saw exit rates for women, men and teammates of all races all within a point of each other. Our 2025
Aspiration is to “achieve parity in retention rates of all groups,” and we have been pleased to see our resignation rates are at parity
across genders and U.S. racial/ethnic identities in light of the “great resignation” other companies are seeing, particularly among women.
• As of March 2023, 3,300 teammates from 33 countries registered to be Inclusion Ambassadors, committed to advancing inclusion on
their own teams. These Inclusion Ambassadors join a monthly call where they learn together, adopt new inclusion tools, share insights
and commit to taking action.
• Boeing has set targets for reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 25%. In 2022, we achieved a 31%
reduction in GHG emissions compared to 2017. GHG emissions were 8% lower than anticipated for the year.
• Employees across the globe took more than 231,000 60-second actions for the environment for Earth Day on April 22 to May 31.
• Boeing looks at every stage of the product life cycle through a sustainability lens, from design through to how materials are recycled
after an aircraft is retired. Ninety percent of the parts and materials in Boeing aircraft are reused and recycled across aerospace and
other industries.

[Table 1 — Page 95]
8.2 8.3 8.4
----------------------------------------
9.1.2 9.3.1 9.4.1 9.5.1 9.5.2 9.B.1
10.2.1 10.3.1 10.B.1
12.2 12.4 12.5 12.6 12.7

Sustainability Report
Contents
Goal
Introduction
Approach & Governance Climate Action
People
Products & Services
Operations
Partnerships for
the Goals
Communities
Reporting
Key ESG Data
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
U.N. Sustainable
Development Goals
Awards and Recognition
Select Memberships
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking
Statements

Key SDG Sub-Indicators 2023 Progress
• Boeing achieved net-zero GHG emissions at manufacturing and other work sites and in business travel in 2022 for the third consecutive
year, by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while securing carefully selected, third-party-verified offsets for the
remaining greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
• With support from a Boeing grant in 2022, EarthGen engaged 2,000 students across four Puget Sound school districts in its Stormwater
13.1
Stewards program. The students learned about watersheds and the impact of stormwater runoff, investigated their local watersheds
13.3
and then designed and implemented green stormwater infrastructure projects to improve water quality in their community.
• Boeing supports the commercial aviation industry’s net zero ambition and is working with decision-makers and policy institutions
globally to create tailor-made paths forward to decarbonize aerospace. The industry’s ambition of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050
has multiple levers to work toward meeting this target.
• In July, Boeing became the founding member, in partnership with the University of Sheffield, of the Energy Innovation Center to drive
SAF development. In early 2023, the EIC was announced as the UK’s SAF Clearing House, in partnership with the University of Dayton,
reinforcing the critical role that this key facility, with Boeing’s support, will play in the global ecosystem that is seeking to accelerate
SAF development.
• Boeing and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries agreed to study sustainable technologies for a low-carbon society. Their focus areas include
17.16 green hydrogen, carbon capture, electrification, sustainable materials, zero emissions technologies, new aircraft design concepts, and
17.17 new feedstocks and technologies for SAF production.
• Boeing is supporting the Pan American Development Foundation (PADF), which is active in eight countries, working with teachers, and
primary and university or post-university students to find solutions to local environmental issues. In Bolivia, PADF works with partners to
develop a curriculum about alternative energy, waste management, natural resources and identifying local solutions. In Ecuador and
Mexico, local partners will work with teachers to design lessons that address local needs such as reducing pollution, using plastic
alternatives or storing electricity.

[Table 1 — Page 96]
13.1 13.3
----------------------------------------
17.16 17.17

Sustainability Report
Awards and Recognition
Contents
People • DiversityInc Top Companies for Mentoring • Military Times Best for Vets: Employers • Military Friendly Top 10 Supplier Diversity
Introduction
(No. 11 in 2023) (No. 11 in 2022) (No. 1 in 2022)
• AAEOY recognized Vishwa Uddanwadiker
as Asian American Executive of the Year • DiversityInc Top Companies for Talent • U.S. Department of Labor Hire Vets • National Veteran Small Business Coalition
Approach & Governance in 2022 Acquisition for Women of Color (No. 12 Medallion – HIRE Vets Platinum (NVSBC) Champion of Veteran Enterprise
in 2023) Medallion Award Award (2022)
• Career Communications Group Inc. Top
People Supporters of HBCU Engineering Schools – • Inclusion in Bloomberg’s 2023 • Vets in Tech Educated Award • U.S. Environmental Protection
Industry (No. 4 in 2022) Gender-Equality Index Agency (EPA)
• WayUp’s Top 100 Internship Programs
Products & Services • DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity • LinkedIn Top Companies – United States for 2022 • Green Power Partnership Fortune
(No. 12 in 2023) (No. 11 in 2023) 500 Partner List (No. 26 in 2022)
Products & Services
• DiversityInc Top Companies for Veterans • National Organization on Disability – • EPA ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year
Operations • Airforce Technology Excellence Awards
(No.1 in 2023) Leading Disability Employer Award for Sustained Excellence
and Rankings 2022
• DiversityInc Top Companies for Black • Scored 100% on the Disability:IN – • Wildlife Habitat Council awards for Wichita
Communities • Cisco 2022 Fast Future Innovation Awards
Executives (No. 26 in 2023) Disability Employment Index (DEI) for the Emery Landfill
Enterprise West (No. 1 for The Future of
seventh consecutive year
• DiversityInc Top Companies for Native Risk Management)
Reporting American/Pacific Islander (NAPI) Executives • Scored 100% on the Corporate Equality
• Clarivate Top 100 Global Innovators 2023 Executive Flight
Key ESG Data (No. 21 in 2023) Index – Human Capital Index Operations received
• Popular Science 2022 Best of What’s New the Sustainable Flight
GRI Index • DiversityInc Top Companies for Board • Woman Engineer Magazine’s annual Top 50
Award for Starliner Department Accreditation
of Directors (No. 20 in 2023) Employer list (No. 12 in 2022)
SASB Index from the National
TCFD Index • DiversityInc Top Companies for People Communities Operations Business Aviation
Association.
With Disabilities (No. 7 in 2023) • Australia’s Supply Nation Supplier
U.N. Sustainable • Best Commitment to Education
Diversity Partnership of the Year between
Development Goals • DiversityInc Top Companies for Program by U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Boeing and the Indigenous Defence and
Sponsorship (No. 16 in 2023)
Awards and Recognition • Best Global Engagement Support Infrastructure Consortium
Select Memberships • DiversityInc Top Companies for Provider Award
• Executive Flight Operations received
and Partnerships Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG)
• Forbes’ America’s Best Employers for the Sustainable Flight Department
(No. 18 in 2023)
Forward-Looking Veterans (No.10 in 2022) Accreditation from the National Business
Statements • DiversityInc Top Companies for Executive
Aviation Association
• Housing Hope Partner Award
Diversity Councils (No. 11 in 2023)
• Gold Wildlife Habitat Council certification
• Military Friendly Employer list’s >$5B
for Pollinator Prairie remediation site
category for 2023 (Gold Award – No. 8)

Sustainability Report
Select Memberships and Partnerships
Contents
• Aeronautics and Space Engineering Board • Canadian Aboriginal Minority • International Aviation Womens Association • Society for Corporate Governance
Introduction
Supplier Council
• Aerospace Chromate (and Cadmium) • International Civil Aviation Organization • Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers
Elimination Team • Cargo Compartment Halon Replacement • International Coordinating Council of • Society of Corporate Compliance
Approach & Governance • Aerospace Industries Association of Advisory Group Aerospace Industries Association and Ethics
America Inc • Centre for Information Policy Leadership • International Federation of Airline • Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers
People • Air Line Pilots Association, International • Contrail Impact Task Force Pilots’ Associations • Society of Women Engineers
• Air Transport Action Group • Corporate Eco Forum • International Forum on Business • St. Louis Regional Chamber of Commerce
Ethical Conduct
Products & Services • Aircraft Fleet Recycling Association • Dallas Regional Chamber • Sustainability 50/World 50
• Alliance of Western Energy Consumers • Defense Industry Initiative • MIT Climate & Sustainability Consortium • The Conference Board
• American Indian Science and Engineering • Disability:IN • MIT Zero Impact Aviation Alliance • U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Operations
Society • Domestic Security Alliance Council • National 8(a) Association • United Service Organization
• American Institute of Aeronautics and • Domestic Security Partnership • National Association of Manufacturers • United States Council for
Communities Astronautics
• Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University • National Center for American Indian International Business
• APEX Accelerators Enterprise Development
• Ethics and Compliance Initiative • Villanova Resilient Innovation Through
Reporting • Association for Unmanned Vehicle • National Defense Industrial Agency Sustainable Engineering Forum
• FIRST Robotics
Systems International
Key ESG Data • Flight Safety Foundation • National Defense-Information • Washington Roundtable
• Association of Certified Fraud Examiners Sharing and Analysis Center
GRI Index • General Aviation Manufacturers Association • WEConnect International
• Association of International Risk • National Minority Supplier
SASB Index • Global Privacy Alliance • Wildlife Habitat Council
Intelligence Professionals Development Council
TCFD Index • Association of Public-Safety • Greater Seattle Chamber of Commerce • National Society of Black Engineers • Women in Aviation International
U.N. Sustainable Communications Officials — International • Halon Alternatives Research Corporation • Newton Europe • Women’s Business Enterprise
National Council
Development Goals • Association of Threat Management • Halon Recycling Corporation • Out in Science, Technology,
• World Economic Forum
Awards and Recognition Professionals • Hostage US Engineering, and Mathematics
• Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture
Select Memberships • Association of Washington Business • HUBZone Contractors National Council • Overseas Security Advisory Council
and Partnerships • Aviation-Information Sharing • Institute of Business Ethics • Professional Background
Forward-Looking and Analysis Center • International Aerospace Screening Association
Statements • Billon Dollar Roundtable Environmental Group • Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance
• Brazil-U.S. Business Council • International Air Transport Association • Responsible Business Alliance
• Business Roundtable • International Association of • Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials
• California Chamber of Congress Privacy Professionals • SAE International

Sustainability Report
Forward-Looking Statements
Contents
Caution Concerning standards; (4) changing budget and appropriation levels Additional information concerning these and other factors
Introduction
Forward-Looking Statements and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government; (5) our can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on
Certain statements in this report may be “forward-looking”
the availability of highly skilled labor and raw materials; (6) Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Approach & Governance within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
competition within our markets; (7) our non-U.S. operations Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks
Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “should,” “expects,”
and sales to non-U.S. customers; (8) changes in accounting only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no
“intends,” “projects,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,”
People estimates; (9) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, obligation to update or revise any such statement, whether
“targets,” “anticipates” and similar expressions generally
acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures; as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of
(10) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (11) our except as required by law.
Products & Services forward-looking statements include statements relating to
reliance on fixed-price contracts; (12) our reliance on costour future plans, business prospects, financial condition
type contracts; (13) contracts that include in-orbit incentive
and operating results, as well as any other statement that
Operations does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. payments; (14) unauthorized access to our, our customers’
and/or our suppliers’ information and systems; (15) potential
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations and
business disruptions, including threats to physical security
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made,
Communities or our information technology systems, extreme weather
but that may not prove to be accurate. These statements are
(including effects of climate change) or other acts of nature,
not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
and pandemics or other public health crises; (16) potential
Reporting changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many
adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/
factors could cause actual results to differ materially and
Key ESG Data or government inquiries or investigations; (17) potential
adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among
GRI Index environmental liabilities; (18) effects of climate change
these factors are risks related to: (1) general conditions
and legal, regulatory or market responses to such change;
SASB Index in the economy and our industry, including those due to
(19) changes in our ability to obtain debt financing on
regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial
TCFD Index commercially reasonable terms, at competitive rates and
airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft
U.N. Sustainable in sufficient amounts; (20) substantial pension and other
production system, planned commercial aircraft production
Development Goals postretirement benefit obligations; (21) the adequacy of our
rate changes, our ability to successfully develop and certify
insurance coverage; (22) customer and aircraft concentration
Awards and Recognition new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and the ability of
in our customer financing portfolio; and (23) work stoppages
our aircraft to meet stringent performance and reliability
Select Memberships
or other labor disruptions.
and Partnerships
Forward-Looking
Statements

The Boeing Company
929 Long Bridge Drive
Arlington, VA, 22202, USA
The Boeing Family of Reports
We are continually collecting, assessing and making available
data about our company and the broader aerospace ecosystem
to keep our employees, customers, communities, industry partners,
investors and other stakeholders informed and engaged.
Annual Report and Proxy Statement Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Community Engagement
View our Annual Report and Proxy Statement We believe in a culture and workplace where Through purposeful investments, employee
to find additional information about our everyone is respected, valued and inspired to engagement and thoughtful advocacy
financial performance and Boeing business reach their fullest potential. Learn more about efforts, Boeing and its employees are
practices. boeing.com/annual-report. our Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion helping build better communities worldwide.
efforts at boeing.com/diversity. Learn more at boeing.com/community.
Copyright © 2023 Boeing. All rights reserved.