--- Document Metadata ---
Title: 5a. Climate Action Plan 2024 - Costco Wholesale
Author: Costco Wholesale
Created: D:20240112222939Z
Pages: 15
--- End Metadata ---

Climate Action
Plan
Our 2023 Climate Action Plan shares an update on the progress
we made this year and explains our future plans to advance
our work on climate-related issues.
Introduction Our approach to addressing our climate impacts is rooted in our
sustainability principles, with a strong emphasis that we are learning
as we go and seeking continuous improvement. This year’s Climate
Action Plan update is a reflection of that learning and progress we
have made to address our impact on global climate change. This
section outlines our efforts to reduce emissions across our business,
build supply chain resilience, and reduce our environmental impact.
The viability of our Climate Action Plan depends upon many external
factors that may be directly or indirectly beyond our control and
include: our suppliers’ ability to meet our expectations,
socio-economic and public health risks, the direct and indirect
impacts of global climate change on our operations and global value
chain, changes in the international and national policy and regulatory
landscape, permitting requirements, the availability of refrigerant
equipment and low-GWP refrigerant alternatives, the availability of
qualified refrigerant and HVAC service providers, requisite supply of
clean energy. Supply chain volatility, energy and commodity pricing,
regulatory signals, and shifting member preferences and stakeholder
attitudes also are material factors that can impact our Climate Action
Plan timeline. The data reported is compiled from sources that we
believe are reasonable to rely on at the time of publication, may
change as new information becomes available, and future reports may
change accordingly.

[Table 1 — Page 1]

Climate Action Plan
Our 2023 Climate Action Plan shares an update on the progress we made this year and explains our future plans to advance our work on climate-related issues. Introduction Our approach to addressing our climate impacts is rooted in our sustainability principles, with a strong emphasis that we are learning as we go and seeking continuous improvement. This year’s Climate Action Plan update is a reflection of that learning and progress we have made to address our impact on global climate change. This section outlines our efforts to reduce emissions across our business, build supply chain resilience, and reduce our environmental impact. The viability of our Climate Action Plan depends upon many external factors that may be directly or indirectly beyond our control and include: our suppliers’ ability to meet our expectations, socio-economic and public health risks, the direct and indirect impacts of global climate change on our operations and global value chain, changes in the international and national policy and regulatory landscape, permitting requirements, the availability of refrigerant equipment and low-GWP refrigerant alternatives, the availability of qualified refrigerant and HVAC service providers, requisite supply of clean energy. Supply chain volatility, energy and commodity pricing, regulatory signals, and shifting member preferences and stakeholder attitudes also are material factors that can impact our Climate Action Plan timeline. The data reported is compiled from sources that we believe are reasonable to rely on at the time of publication, may change as new information becomes available, and future reports may change accordingly. 1

[Table 2 — Page 1]
| 1 | | |


Our Climate Action Plan:
Aligns with regulatory requirements and global standards: We
incorporate regulatory requirements, certain global standards and
industry guidance across measurement, disclosure and reporting and
will continue to monitor evolving standards and guidance. These
frameworks and standards continue to inform our approach to climate
action1.
Includes an accountability and governance model for climate
progress: Our approach to governance and reporting is aligned with
the Task Force for Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), both part of
the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) standards.
More information can be found on the Governance & Reporting
section of our Sustainability Commitment.
1 While we have not adopted Science Based Targets, we actively consider SBTi’s
Corporate Net Zero Standard as a framework for ambitious climate strategy and will
continue to utilize SBTi’s guidance. Solutions must be operationally viable and fulfill
our obligations to our shareholders, employees, members, suppliers, and the
communities we serve. Additional guidelines and frameworks we consider include the
GHG Protocol Accounting & Reporting Standard, TCFD, TNFD, IPCC, COP, SDGs,
and CDP.

[Table 1 — Page 2]
O | ur Climate Action Plan:

[Table 2 — Page 2]
|

[Table 3 — Page 2]
| 2 | | |

Emissions
Executive
Summary

Provides transparent disclosure: Transparency and disclosure of our
progress toward our climate goals are important. We believe in
measuring our progress and sharing what we have learned with our
community and stakeholders. We currently disclose to industry-wide
forums, such as CDP-Climate and CDP-Forests, and we offer detailed
information about our projects and efforts via our Sustainability
Commitment website.
Supports a holistic approach to climate: We have aligned our
sustainability efforts and initiatives related to climate using a holistic
and integrated approach. Climate has a number of interdependent
issues, in addition to emissions, that we consider. These include but
are not limited to: water, forests, biodiversity and a just transition for
people and communities. While we focus on our emissions progress in
this year’s update, in fiscal year (FY) 2024, we will also be working on
our global water strategy and analyzing select supply chains for
biodiversity risk.
Over the past few years, we have made strides in our climate journey.
Our Scope 1 and 2 emissions work is more mature, having started
with the inception of our STAR Program (more information can be
found in the Operations section of our Sustainability Commitment) in
2021, and helps us prepare for Scope 3 improvement in a way that
resonates with our culture. To meet our decarbonization goals for
Scopes 1, 2 and 3, we need our employees to contribute in innovative
ways, from reinforcing programs that have been in place to changing
practices going forward. This requires broadening awareness and
learning and implementing new policies and procedures.
We have been able to use learnings generated from work on climate
within our own direct control to inform our Scope 3 emissions strategy
and approach. As a result, there are common themes to our approach
across all scopes, such as broadening awareness, providing
education, shifting toward clean energy, and focusing on resource
efficiency and efficient transportation. In addition, our approach to
reducing emissions is to set targets accompanied with pragmatic
action plans that we believe will help us reach these targets.

[Table 1 — Page 3]
Sustainability |

[Table 2 — Page 3]
| 3 | | |


Across the entire business, notable accomplishments of the past year
include:
● Launched a Global Energy Strategy to address Scope 1 and 2
emissions in our operations portfolio and a Scope 3 Energy
Transition Strategy targeting our Tier 1 and 2 suppliers.
● To make progress in Scope 2, continued to increase clean
energy2 procurement, which as of the end of calendar year
2022 represented 19%3 of our global purchased energy and is
on track to meet our 100% clean energy commitment by 2035.
● Developed a Scope 3 emissions intensity reduction target and
action plan (see below).
● Reported all scopes for FY20, FY21 and FY22 (all third-party
verified) to CDP Climate in July 2023 and participated in CDP
Supply Chain, which requests our top 500 suppliers to disclose
their Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions to CDP.
● Submitted our CDP Forests report for the second year in a row,
disclosing our metrics on key forestry commodities that are
related to climate change.
● Invested in our technology and data infrastructure to build a
platform for reporting and measurement across all scopes.
Our emissions footprint across all three scopes for FY22 totaled to
174M MT CO2e, up 10% from FY21 on an absolute basis. Our Scope
1 emissions increased 15%, driven by bunker fuel related to the
vessels Costco chartered due to the global pandemic. Costco has
ceased this activity and will no longer incur these Scope 1 emissions
in FY24. If one excludes this activity, our FY22 Scope 1 emissions
were flat, despite our sales and square footage growth.
Our Scope 2 market-based emissions, despite our growth, decreased
3% over the past year, driven by purchasing more clean energy.
Scope 3 emissions increased 10% — mostly driven by the increase in
demand of our gas business, as well as a strong general merchandise
sales growth rate.
2 Clean energy for us includes solar, wind, hydroelectric, geothermal, nuclear and
bioenergy.
3 Clean energy procurement shown on a calendar year basis to align with clean
energy procurement contracts and U.S. grid emission factors.

[Table 1 — Page 4]
| 4 | | |

Scope 1 & 2
Emissions

We recognize the significant opportunity to decarbonize our global
operations, from our warehouses to our depots and business centers.
We also understand that our climate and energy-focused efforts in our
operations can create near and long-term business value through
lower operating costs, reliable, clean energy supply to power our
warehouses, depots and business centers, and more resilient
infrastructure.
4 Inflation adjustment is based on U.S. CPI-U Index: City Average All Items Less
Energy published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

[Table 1 — Page 5]
|
|

[Table 2 — Page 5]
| 5 | | |

Our Scope 1 and 2 Reduction Target
We have committed to an ambitious Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission
reduction target: 39% absolute reduction by 2030 compared to our
2020 base year. We have also committed to power our operations with
100% clean energy by 2035. To achieve these ambitious targets, we
are evaluating, piloting and implementing a range of initiatives in our
warehouses, expanding our procurement of clean energy and
enhancing our framework to measure and monitor progress toward
our goals.
Our Scope 1 and 2 Action Plan
Our Global Energy Strategy is the foundation of our Scope 1 and
Scope 2 Action Plan. Led by select members of our executive
leadership team, this cross-functional strategy focuses on five areas:
Energy Supply: Our priority is to purchase clean energy and integrate
on-site energy generation systems when operationally and financially
feasible. Since 2020, we have been using a portfolio-wide approach to
procure, generate and use clean energy in our operations. Where
clean energy procurement or on-site generation may not be feasible,
we acquire source-specific power with the verified emissions-free
certificates (EFEC, REC) to reduce our Scope 2 emissions.
Emissions-Free Energy Certificates
During 2023 we contracted to purchase certified, time-stamped 24/7 clean power for 124
warehouses across nine states. The clean power is sourced with hourly attributes, either
Emissions-Free Energy Certificates (EFECs) or Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs), for 100%
of the energy, 24/7. These time-stamped certificates demonstrate both where the clean energy is
generated and the hour and date of production.

[Table 1 — Page 6]
Emissions-Free Energy Certificates During 2023 we contracted to purchase certified, time-stamped 24/7 clean power for 124 warehouses across nine states. The clean power is sourced with hourly attributes, either Emissions-Free Energy Certificates (EFECs) or Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs), for 100%
During 2023 we contracted to purchase certified, time-stamped 24/7 clean power for 124 warehouses across nine states. The clean power is sourced with hourly attributes, either Emissions-Free Energy Certificates (EFECs) or Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs), for 100%
of the energy, 24/7. These time-stamped certificates demonstrate both where the clean energy is generated and the hour and date of production.

[Table 2 — Page 6]


[Table 3 — Page 6]
| 6 | | |


Energy Efficiency: Increasing the energy efficiency of our
warehouses, depots and business centers is crucial to long-term
decarbonization as well as creating energy cost savings and financial
return on our investment. We are implementing programs to improve
the efficiency of heating, ventilation, air conditioning (HVAC) and
refrigeration systems, light fixtures and other aspects of our
warehouse operations.
Refrigeration: Fugitive emissions is an area of continued focus to
reduce the harmful impacts from hydrofluorocarbons and other gases
from the refrigeration systems in our operations. We are committed to
accelerating the phase-out of HFCs and increasing our investment in
refrigeration retrofits to reduce refrigerant emission Global Warming
Potential (GWP) by 30% by 2030 as compared to our 2020 baseline.
Transportation: We are exploring clean energy for our transportation
equipment where it makes financial and operational sense. This
includes testing and deploying electric yard goats, exploring additional
fleet electrification opportunities and using renewable diesel
throughout our California depots and business delivery centers. For
more information, see the “Transportation & Logistics” page in the
Operations section.
Design & Site Selection: We understand the impact that the materials
we use in the construction of our facilities and the locations we
choose for our warehouses, depots and manufacturing facilities have
on our carbon footprint and the natural environment. We continue to
explore ways in which we can minimize our carbon footprint and
environmental impact with our design and construction choices.

[Table 1 — Page 7]
| 7 | | |


Where We Are Today
Since setting our initial Scope 1 and Scope 2 absolute reduction target
in 2021, we have nearly doubled our 2030 absolute reduction target
during 2022. In 2023, we further expanded our decarbonization efforts
across our global footprint. Here are some highlights from FY23:
● We increased the share of clean energy powering our global
operations, reaching 19% of our total supply as of the end of
calendar year 2022.
● We expanded our onsite generation capabilities at our Mira
Loma, California, distribution center to include a solar canopy
and battery storage system to charge our electric yard goats.
This brings the campus to 3.3MW.
● We began using renewable diesel to power our depot and
business center fleets in California, replacing over 2.4 million
gallons of diesel with renewable diesel.
● We continued to reduce our use of harmful HFCs, completing
38 retrofits of our refrigeration systems, replacing harmful R-22
with lower GWP refrigerants, while also installing seven
additional CO2-based refrigeration systems globally.
● We deployed energy-efficient LED lighting to 167 warehouses
across the U.S., reducing the average wattage by 35%.

[Table 1 — Page 8]
| 8 | | |

Scope 3
Emissions

Costco is committed to doing our part to reduce emissions and
improve the resilience of our supply chain. Scope 3 emissions, unlike
Scope 1 and 2, are outside of our direct control. We will need to rely
upon and partner with our suppliers to make substantial
transformation. We have developed a comprehensive approach to our
Scope 3 emissions that focuses on five key pillars: supplier energy
transition, regenerative and deforestation-free agriculture, sustainable
livestock, energy efficient items, and sustainable packaging (described
in detail below). Underpinning these pillars will be a supplier
engagement plan, education programs for our merchandising teams,
and IT infrastructure to support reporting and measurement.
Our Scope 3 Reduction Target
We estimate that our five-pillar plan will lead to a 20% reduction in our
Scope 3 emissions intensity (inflation-adjusted) by 2030 from our
baseline year of FY20, excluding fuel. We recognize that this Scope 3
reduction target is not fully aligned to a 1.5-degree pathway. That
pathway is not currently achievable for us if we are to continue to
provide for all of our stakeholders. However, we believe this is an
ambitious yet achievable target based on existing technologies, and
we continue to explore opportunities for further improvement.
While we are excluding fuel from the target, we are working to develop
a separate climate transition plan for our fuel business (see below).
Our Scope 3 Action Plan
We believe that the below five pillars are the best path for us to reduce
our Scope 3 emissions. We hope our supplier efforts in reducing their
Scope 1 and 2 emissions will lower our Scope 3 emissions and that
we can learn from these successes to continue to drive change:
Supplier Energy Transition: One common thread throughout our
supply chain is the reliance on energy. We believe that supporting our
suppliers, through educational resources or direct partnership and
investments to procure, generate and utilize clean energy in their
operations can help them reduce their Scope 2 emissions.

[Table 1 — Page 9]
| 9 | | |

Regenerative and Deforestation-Free Agriculture: A significant
portion of our business is reliant on agriculture-based commodities,
which are high carbon emitters. We are committed to supporting
nature-based solutions, such as regenerative agriculture practices.
These practices also have the benefits of protecting our soils, water
and biodiversity as well as creating greater resiliency in times of more
extreme weather events. In FY23, we worked on two pilot programs
with Cargill and ADM related to regenerative agriculture to help us
learn more about how to best support the farmers making this
transition. We are also engaging our suppliers on supply chain
traceability and supporting them in minimizing risk of sourcing from
deforestation areas.
Sustainable Livestock: We sell foods created from animal agriculture
that can carry higher carbon footprints. We want to do our part to
reduce the intensity of those emissions. We will focus on collaborating
with various suppliers, scientists, civil society and animal welfare
experts to help accomplish this. We recognize that beef can be a
driver of deforestation in certain regions, and we work to make sure
our Kirkland SignatureTM items containing beef are not sourced from
high deforestation risk countries such as Brazil, Argentina, Colombia
or Paraguay.
Regenerative Agriculture:
Cargill
For an example of what one Costco
supplier, Cargill, is doing to support
regenerative agriculture practices, see
the “Environmental Impacts & Land
Stewardship” page in our Merchandising
section. These practices improve crop
productivity and soil health, support the
livelihood of farmers and help reduce
carbon emissions.

[Table 1 — Page 10]
Regenerative Agriculture: Cargill |
|

[Table 2 — Page 10]
| 10 | | |


Energy Efficient Items: We sell items that consume energy. We
believe that working toward greater energy efficiency with our
suppliers and leveraging existing energy efficiency certifications (e.g.,
EnergyStarTM) can help us to reduce our Scope 3 Category 11
emissions footprint.
Sustainable Packaging: We have made progress on sustainable
packaging over the years and will continue to make this a focus. We
will continue to work with our suppliers to find ways to reduce
unnecessary packaging, implement reuse models in operations, adopt
lightweight packaging optimized for shipping efficiencies, and increase
recycled content opportunities.
Where We Are Today
A majority of our Scope 3 emissions come from Category 1
(Purchased Goods and Services) and Category 11 (Use of Sold
Product). For Category 1, our emissions are highly concentrated in
livestock, agriculture (including crops that tend to be drivers of
deforestation) and manufacturing of the items we sell. For Category
11, we recognize the role that our fuel business plays (more below)
and the opportunity to continue to find ways to drive energy efficiency
in the items we sell.

[Table 1 — Page 11]
| 11 | | |

Fuel Transition
Plan

Emissions from our fuels business comprise ~40% of Costco’s total
emissions, largely Scope 3. We are taking actions to directly address
these emissions, as outlined in this transition plan. At the same time,
we will continue ensuring that our members have access to affordable
and high-quality transportation fuels. Similarly, we’re providing
additional members with the necessary infrastructure to shift toward
new lower-carbon transportation options such as EVs.
Overall Action Plan
We plan to take action across the entire span of the fuels business,
including emissions upstream of the fuel station, at the fuel station and
downstream of the station (i.e., combustion).
Upstream of the fuel station, our focus will be on procuring the lowest
carbon intensity fuels available. We estimate that ~20% of fuel Scope
3 emissions stem from Costco’s fuel supply, and can be reduced by
purchasing from refineries that prioritize clean procurement and
production. We are engaging fuel suppliers to better understand their
carbon footprint, climate goals, disclosure protocols and carbon
reduction initiatives. We also expect this engagement to encourage
refineries to use cleaner production methods.

[Table 1 — Page 12]
|

[Table 2 — Page 12]
| 12 | | |


At the fuel station, we have a high degree of control to influence and
minimize Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Our efforts to date,
highlighted in the next section, reflect our commitment to reducing
negative environmental impact while ensuring members have
continued access to affordable transportation fuels. To build on this
progress, we are exploring the use of microgrids to power fuel station
operations where feasible, and maintaining a focus on purchasing and
maintaining state-of-the-art fueling equipment to minimize spills and
vapor loss.
Emissions are also driven by combustion of fuel in members’ vehicles.
To combat these emissions, we will continue to use and refine
proprietary additives in all gasoline fuel grades, which could provide
an emissions reduction vs. LAC fuels6. We are also focusing on
enabling members to shift toward lower carbon intensity
transportation methods when they’re ready. We are closely monitoring
the market as new technologies evolve (e.g., battery electric vehicles,
hydrogen fuel cell vehicles and plug-in hybrids) to provide our
members with the infrastructure necessary to utilize their preferred
transportation methods.
To support our members who have already purchased EVs and to
encourage those considering a purchase, we are expanding our EV
charging offering, with plans to open fast chargers at 20-plus
warehouses. Our first fast EV charging station opened in Denver,
Colorado, in 2023, and is serving as a pilot site to explore how to best
provide EV charging services.
6 LAC = Lowest Allowable Concentration; Results shown in scenarios where Kirkland
SignatureTM Gasoline was tested against the minimum U.S. government-mandated
detergency gasoline. Outcomes vary based on driving behaviors, engine type and
vehicle maintenance intervals.

[Table 1 — Page 13]
| 13 | | |


Where we are today
Current efforts to minimize emissions and environmental impact
include initiatives across the fuel station value chain:
Upstream of the fuel station
Fuel procurement: We procure only from refineries that are compliant
with EPA Tier-3 regulations, resulting in some Kirkland Signature fuels
containing lower sulfur content.
Biofuels: We offer R99 (99% renewable diesel, 1% USLD #2) at all
California fuel retail sites providing diesel, and plan to expand R99
offerings in Washington and Oregon. Renewable diesel has up to a
~65% lower carbon intensity than petroleum diesel.7
Fuel delivery: We deliver ~35% of fuels after warehouse close times,
which reduces delivery truck delivery times and resulting emissions.
Additionally, over 40,000 fuel deliveries in 2023 were performed by
carriers with 90% renewable diesel penetration or greater.
At the fuel station
Station design: Stations are designed with environmental protection
in mind. We use double walled and electronically monitored
underground tanks and piping, continuous remotely monitored leak
detection with automatic shut down, oil and water separators, trained
and certified full-time attendants, and best-in-class components
throughout the station.
7 California Air Resources Board, LCFS Pathway Certified Carbon Intensities, DOE

[Table 1 — Page 14]
| 14 | | |


Fuel storage: We upgraded our fuel storage tanks to manage tank
pressure and minimize release of gasoline vapors through the
installation of 393 vapor management systems. Combined, these
efforts equate to an estimated reduction of 1.5k tons of volatile
organic compounds, 4.6k tons of CO2 and 522k gallons of gasoline.
Spill management: We use dripless and spitless fuel nozzles that
yield a 90% reduction in spills, with a corresponding reduction in
volatile organic compounds released. Additionally, employing full-time
attendants allows quick response to rare spills.
Downstream of the fuel station
EV fast charging: We offer EV charging at over 50 warehouses,
including locations in the U.S., Canada, Spain, Korea and the United
Kingdom. Charger speeds range from 7 to 350 kWh, allowing
members to charge a vehicle in ~30 minutes at our fastest locations.
Residential charging: We stock residential charging products,
ensuring members can purchase hardware to enable home charging,
with speeds allowing vehicles to fully charge overnight.
EV sales: The Costco Auto Program offers members more than 30
different EV models through the program’s approved dealer network.
To date, approximately 90,000 EVs have been purchased via the
Costco Auto Program.
EV rentals: Costco Travel offers a selection of electric and hybrid
rental cars through our rental car suppliers at a variety of locations in
the U.S., Canada and Europe. While these rentals reflect a small
percentage of Costco Travel’s rental car production, the category
continues to grow. For a rental car on CostcoTravel.com, members
can filter their search results to show “Eco friendly” options to include
these car categories if available at the location they’re renting from.
Electric micro-mobility: We sell multiple eBike models and eScooter
models in the warehouse and on Costco.com.
Through all these efforts, our goal is to support a just transition by
providing members with low-cost best-in-class fuels, and
opportunities to purchase, charge and rent electric vehicles. As the
energy transition progresses, we look forward to continuing to meet
members’ energy transportation needs for a variety of vehicle types.
Updated
Jan 2024

[Table 1 — Page 15]
| 15 |

[Table 2 — Page 15]
Updated Jan 2024 |