CT Real Estate Investment Trust
2022 Environmental,
Social and Governance Report
Welland, Ontario

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 2
Message from the President & CEO
I am very pleased with the progress CT REIT has made with We are equally focused on improving social outcomes for
respect to reducing our environmental impact, improving our employees, tenants, and the communities in which we
social outcomes, and continuing our track record of operate. In 2022, we created a new Social Engagement
strong governance. Our second Environmental, Social and Committee to align with the priorities of our employees, and
Governance (ESG) report provides us with an opportunity to ensure that learning, engagement, personal development
to publicly share our achievements, efforts and the results and philanthropy remain key areas of focus for CT REIT.
associated with this work with you, our stakeholders.
CT REIT was established in 2013 with an emphasis
We remain committed to our ESG strategic pillar, which on strong governance principles and ethical business
guides our interactions with the environment, our employees, conduct. As we continue to grow and evolve, so too does
and the communities in which we operate, and which also our approach to governance. For example, our Board of
supports the continued development of governance best Trustees recently adopted a board diversity policy that
practices. We will continue to communicate our progress reflects evolving best practices.
and position ourselves to better understand our ESG-related
ESG remains a key pillar of CT REIT’s overall strategy. As
impacts, while working towards improving our key focus
we continue to hone our ability to measure and benchmark
areas over the long term.
our performance, our talented teams and engaged Board
Our commitment to make meaningful and impactful changes of Trustees are focused on sustainability, social outcomes,
through the decisions we make and how we run our business and good governance, all of which continue to be integrated
is ongoing. In 2022, we started construction on our new into our business. I want to thank all our stakeholders for
net zero distribution centre in Calgary, Alberta. This is the trust that they have placed in us as we work towards
CT REIT’s first net zero development, and one of the first such improving our performance, mitigating our impacts, and
projects to achieve the Net Zero Carbon – Design Standard refining our disclosure, and as we continue to walk the path
certification from the Canada Green Building Council. along our ESG journey.
Alongside Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited (CTC), we will
Sincerely,
aim to construct all new Canadian Tire stores to a net zero
ready standard, commencing in 2024. Real change requires
commitment and investment, and both CT REIT and CTC are
devoting the time, resources and capital towards sustainable
development, a key component of our ESG strategy. Kevin Salsberg
President & Chief Executive Officer

[Table 1 — Page 2]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 2
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 3
2022 ESG Highlights
Conducted energy and Began construction of To date, together In the past year, 100% of Formed our Social Our Board of Trustees
water audits across the our first net zero energy with CTC, 386 electric our employees completed Engagement Committee. approved our new
portfolio. and net zero carbon vehicle charging stations ESG related training. Diversity Policy.
project, a 350,000 have been installed, at
square foot distribution 92 CT REIT properties.
centre in Calgary, Alberta.
LAND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
We acknowledge that long before Canada was a country, Our home office, located in what is currently known At CT REIT, we know that land acknowledgements mark a
strong nations and cultures existed here – and continue as Toronto, is situated on the traditional territory of the small but important step in the journey of confronting the truth
to exist. The Canadian lands on which CT REIT properties Anishinaabeg, Huron-Wendat and the Haudenosaunee and working towards reconciliation with Indigenous peoples.
are located have been the site of human activity for 15,000 Nations. This location is covered by Treaty 13, signed with We are in the early stages of our journey. As we look ahead,
years. Today these lands and lakes continue to be home to the Mississaugas of the Credit, and the Williams Treaties, we are committed to acknowledging the truth and advancing
many First Nations, Inuit and Métis communities from across signed with multiple Mississauga and Chippewa bands. our reconciliation journey.
Turtle Island, also known as North America. We are grateful that we can live and work here, and we
are committed to building and sustaining a relationship
with Indigenous peoples based on respect, dignity,
trust and cooperation.

[Table 1 — Page 3]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 3
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 4
About CT REIT
CT REIT ASSET BASE
$6.8 Billion
Total Assets
CT REIT owns, manages, and develops income producing The principal objective of the REIT is to create Unitholder
commercial properties located in all ten provinces and in value over the long-term by generating reliable, durable and 1.3 million ft2
two territories across Canada. The REIT’s geographically growing monthly cash distributions on a tax-efficient basis.
development
diversified portfolio comprises stand-alone properties, To achieve this objective, management is focused on
pipeline
primarily occupied by Canadian Tire stores, multi-tenanted expanding the REIT’s asset base, while growing the REIT’s
properties, typically anchored by a Canadian Tire store, book value per unit as well as increasing its Adjusted Funds
Industrial Properties, a mixed-use commercial property, and From Operations (“AFFO”) per unit.
three Development Properties.
CT REIT focuses primarily on triple-net, long-term leases
to investment grade tenants. With triple-net leases, the
tenant is primarily responsible for many of the property
7.6%
expenses, including property taxes, operating costs, and
Atlantic Canada
building insurance.
Properties Occupancy GLA (ft2) PROPERTIES BY REGION1,2 43.5% 28.5%
Retail 365 99.3% 25,594,741 % of Total Annualized Base Minimum Rent Ontario Western Canada
Industrial 4 100% 4,205,749 1 Excluding Properties Under Development
2 Occupancy and other leasing key operating performance measures
Mixed-use 1 92.2% 278,028
have been prepared on a committed basis which includes the impact of
existing lease agreements contracted on or before December 31, 2022. 20.4%
Total 370 30,078,518
Quebec
Development 3
The data presented on this page is as of December 31st, 2022.
Any capitalized term not defined in this ESG Report can be found in the Glossary of Terms in the REIT’s 2022 AIF filed on SEDAR at www.sedarplus.ca and on CT REIT’s
website at www.ctreit.com under the tab “Investors” in the Financial Reporting section.

[Table 1 — Page 4]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 4
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

[Table 2 — Page 4]
| Properties | Occupancy | GLA (ft2)
----------------------------------------
Retail | 365 | 99.3% | 25,594,741

[Table 3 — Page 4]
Mixed-use | 1 | 92.2% | 278,028
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 4]
Development | 3 | |
----------------------------------------

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 5
CT REIT ESG Timeline
2013 2016 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 &
beyond
CT REIT’s Initial Acquired the Amid the COVID-19 First GRESB submission. Inaugural ESG Report First BOMA BEST Silver Ongoing development
Public Offering takes 1.4-million-square-foot pandemic, we published outlining our certifications achieved of our ESG Strategy with
Also in 2021:
place with strong Bolton Distribution supported our tenants 2021 activities. at eight enclosed and a focus on reducing our
governance practices Centre. Built with many and provided rent relief, • Materiality Assessment open-air retail properties. GHG emissions, fostering
Also in 2022:
in place. ground-breaking, implemented enhanced conducted talent, supporting
Also in 2023:
environmentally cleaning protocols, • Climate Risk • Our GRESB communities and good
sustainable features, and delivered Assessment conducted submission became • Our new distribution governance. Expansion
the state-of-the-art sanitizing supplies. publicly available centre was awarded of BOMA BEST
• Conducted HVAC
facility achieved LEED • Donation made the Zero Carbon certification program.
Also in 2020: motor retrofits at over
Building – Design
Gold certification by in support of the
90% of our properties
• Exterior LED retrofits Standard certification
the Canada Green development of a
were conducted
Building Council. multi-sport court • Adoption of Board
at over 90% of
in Welland, Ontario Diversity Policy
our properties
supporting Jumpstart
• Adoption of Sustainable
• Our Sustainability
• Construction of our first Investment Corporate
Committee was formed
Net Zero distribution Policy
centre began

[Table 1 — Page 5]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 5
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

[Table 2 — Page 5]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 5]
| | | | | | | | | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | | | | | | | | |

[Table 4 — Page 5]
| |
----------------------------------------

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 6
About This Report
This report contains information about CT REIT’s SCOPE and beliefs that are current, reasonable, and complete, this
ESG initiatives. It describes our ESG strategy and information is necessarily subject to a number of factors, risks,
Our 2022 ESG Report is focused on the activities and
philosophy and approach to proactively addressing and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ
outcomes of CT REIT during the 2022 fiscal year.
the environmental and social challenges facing our materially from management’s expectations and plans as set
This report also includes work that commenced in 2022
industry and country. forth in such forward-looking information. For more information
but was completed in 2023.
on the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause
Unless otherwise indicated, all references to employees CT REIT’s actual results to differ from current expectations,
in this report include all permanent employees of CT REIT. refer to section 12.0 (Enterprise Risk Management) of the
REIT’s 2022 Management’s Discussion and Analysis as well as
CT REIT’s other public filings, available at www.sedarplus.ca
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
and at www.ctreit.com/Investors.
Certain statements made in this ESG Report, including those
Unless otherwise indicated, the forward-looking information
related to our ESG strategy and objectives, may constitute
contained in this ESG Report describes our expectations and,
forward-looking information under applicable securities laws.
accordingly, is subject to change after the initial publication
Such statements include, but are not limited to, the REIT’s
of this ESG report on September 29, 2023. CT REIT does
intention to build new Canadian Tire stores to CTC’s net zero
not undertake to update any forward-looking information,
ready prototype. CT REIT is not required under securities
whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time
laws to prepare or file this ESG Report, and the information
by the REIT, or on its behalf, to reflect new information, future
contained herein should therefore not be read as necessarily
events or otherwise, except as is required by applicable
rising to the same level of materiality of disclosure required in
securities laws.
our securities law filings.
These statements are being provided for the purpose of
ASSURANCE
assisting readers in understanding our approach to key
ESG topics, and in obtaining a better understanding of our We received third-party limited assurance with respect to
anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned that certain 2022 data presented in Appendix 1 – Environmental
such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Data. Claims and assertions are explained further in this
limited assurance statement. We did not seek or receive
Although CT REIT believes that the forward-looking information
external assurance from third parties with respect to other
in this ESG Report is based on information, assumptions
information.

[Table 1 — Page 6]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 6
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

[Table 2 — Page 6]
| | |
----------------------------------------
| | |
| | |
| | |
| | |
| | |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 7
Our Approach to ESG
CT REIT’s strategic imperatives are rooted in being Canada’s premier net lease REIT. It is important that our ESG strategy and related initiatives align with that of our key
stakeholders, including our most significant tenant and majority unitholder, CTC. We continue to advance our ESG strategy, embedding it in all aspects of our business,
and driving initiatives to support it, from our building operations and property development to our tenant and employee engagement activities.
OUR ESG PILLAR
Our focus areas under our ESG strategic pillar help guide our REDUCING GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
interactions with our environment, our employees and the
Reducing our carbon footprint and supporting CTC’s emissions reduction strategy
communities in which we operate, and support the continued
through the development of new net zero ready stores and distribution centres, as
development of governance best practices.
well as retrofitting existing stores.
This focus on, and investment in, ESG initiatives will also
help drive long-term value for our stakeholders by managing
applicable risks, fostering innovation, generating new revenue
streams, and strengthening the environmental, social and
SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES
governance systems on which our business relies.
Reinvesting and contributing to the neighbourhoods in which we operate.
As we progress along our ESG journey, we are monitoring
regulatory developments and reviewing the applicability of
other ESG related frameworks and standards, including the
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) standards. TALENT
Fostering diversity, inclusion, and development amongst our people.
GOOD GOVERNANCE
Striving for best practices on behalf of all stakeholders.

[Table 1 — Page 7]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 7
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 8
Our Approach to ESG
PRIORITY ESG TOPICS
We focus our efforts on ESG topics that offer the greatest ESG Topics
potential for positive impact on both our business and on
the communities in which we operate. These topics rank
high in terms of importance to our overall strategy, to key Environmental Social Governance
stakeholders and to our ability to leverage our enterprise
capabilities to create meaningful change.
Climate Change Community Impact Business Ethics
In 2021, the REIT conducted a materiality assessment to Sustainable Building Design Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Risk Management
identify, refine and prioritize the ESG topics that may impact Operational Efficiency Talent & Culture Privacy & Data Security
our business and are important to our key stakeholders.
The assessment included external research and
benchmarking, a focused stakeholder engagement process,
internal analysis and discussion, and alignment with senior
leadership.
The results of the assessment informed our ESG strategy
and priorities, which generally align with those of CTC, our
most significant tenant, who prides itself on being an integral
part of Canadian communities.
This report outlines our approach to ESG topics identified
as being the most relevant to our strategy and important
to our stakeholders.

[Table 1 — Page 8]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report | | Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 8
----------------------------------------
| |
| Overview |

[Table 2 — Page 8]

----------------------------------------


CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 9
En vironme ntal
As a pillar in the communities in which we operate,
we can lead change not only by reducing our
greenhouse gas emissions but also by leveraging
our knowledge, innovation, and relationships to
empower our tenants and partners to improve
sustainability. At CT REIT, addressing climate
change, improving operational efficiency, and
focusing on sustainable building design are integral
to how we conduct our business and provide many
opportunities to improve operational performance
and reduce our environmental impact.

[Table 1 — Page 9]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview | | Social Governance Glossary Appendix 9
----------------------------------------
| |
| Environmental |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 10
Climate Change
CT REIT is committed to limiting our environmental The vast majority of CT REIT’s properties are single-tenanted, REDUCING THE GHG INTENSITY OF
footprint. Our existing initiatives further our efforts net-leased assets, where the tenant controls much, if not all, OUR BUILDINGS
to conduct our operations in a manner that reduces of the activities at the property, including the consumption of
We continue to work on reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions
our greenhouse gas emissions and conserves energy and water, as well as the resulting GHG emissions.
by focusing on key areas of impact such as how we heat, cool,
energy and water. CT REIT has therefore focused its efforts on those aspects of
and light our buildings. Our pathway to reducing our heating,
its operations over which it has influence or control including:
By understanding the business risks of climate change, we are cooling, and lighting-related emissions relies on proven
the energy usage of the common areas of our properties, the
better positioned for the future, to understand and mitigate risks technologies, with new technologies, greening of the energy
design and construction of new development projects, and
and to assess potential opportunities. We continue to make grid, and the purchase of renewable energy and/or carbon
collaborating with tenants to improve the overall operations at
ongoing investments, as well as find new ways to work with our offsets being potential considerations to fill certain gaps.
our properties.
partners to reduce operational emissions and limit our footprint.
We are also developing plans to mitigate the carbon impacts
Following the release of the TCFD recommendations,
of new development projects that we undertake at our
CT REIT worked with a third-party consultant to better
properties. For example, our first net zero (both net zero
understand the potential implications of climate change on
energy and net zero carbon) project is a state-of-the-art
the REIT’s portfolio and conducted a climate risk and
distribution centre being constructed for CTC in Calgary,
opportunity assessment. This exercise included scenario
Alberta, which is expected to be completed in 2023.
analyses which now inform CT REIT’s decision-making
Once completed, the building is expected to generate as
regarding investments on an ongoing basis.
much energy as it consumes on an annual basis.
TCFD RESPONSE
The recommendations set out by the Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) provide a framework
for reporting on the risks associated with climate change. CT REIT believes in the importance of working to align with
TCFD’s four elements of the recommendations: governance, strategy, risk management and metrics. We are working
on development plans to address these recommendations and to better understand the risks and opportunities
posed by climate change events, such as floods, forest fires and rising temperatures on our business, and provide
transparent disclosures on our progress.

[Table 1 — Page 10]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview | | Social Governance Glossary Appendix 10
----------------------------------------
| |
| Environmental |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 11
Sustainable Building Design
We are committed to reducing our environmental
impact through continued improvements to both GREEN BUILDING CERTIFICATION PROGRAMS
building design and construction and where possible What is LEED? The Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design standard is an internationally recognized symbol of
pursuing green building certifications such as LEED, sustainability excellence and green building leadership.
Net Zero Carbon and Net Zero Energy. The design
What is Building Owners and Managers Association (BOMA) BEST? A certification program that encourages smart
process includes consideration of compliance with
and sustainable solutions for existing buildings, promoting health, efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and
applicable zoning and building requirements and/or
low-carbon performance.
certifications, as well as the needs and impact on
What is WELL Health & Safety? An evidence-based, third-party verified rating for all new and existing buildings focusing
the local economy.
on operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans.
Commencing in 2024, together with CTC, we intend to TOTAL GLA OF GREEN BUILDING TOTAL NUMBER OF GREEN BUILDING
build new Canadian Tire stores to CTC’s net zero ready PROJECTS CERTIFIED PROJECTS CERTIFIED
prototype. These net zero ready stores will be significantly
more energy efficient than previous prototypes and will have
the capacity to become fully net zero with the addition of
5.6M 21
on-site solar panels. The net zero ready stores will feature
enhanced construction details such as thicker insulation that
will improve building envelope tightness, reducing the need
for heating and cooling. Air-source heat pumps may also
be installed, where appropriate, which can further reduce 8
carbon emissions given their efficiency and reliance on 1.2M 4 electricity rather than natural gas to generate heat. 3
0.3M 0.5M
2013 2023 2013 2023
PROJECT SPOTLIGHT
Net Zero Calgary Distribution Centre
Construction of our new distribution centre in Calgary, Alberta began in 2022 and is expected
to be one of the first net zero energy and carbon industrial properties in Canada, and the first in
our portfolio. The project was awarded Zero Carbon Building – Design Standard certification
by the Canadian Green Building Council (CaGBC) and, once completed, CT REIT will seek
Zero Carbon Building Performance Standard certification through the CaGBC.
)snoillim(
defiitreC
teeF
erauqS
latoT
stcejorP
defiitreC
fo #
Projects Certified Cumulative Projects Certified Projects Certified Cumulative Projects Certified
6 25
5 20
5 1
0 0

[Table 1 — Page 11]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview | | Social Governance Glossary Appendix 11
----------------------------------------
| |
| Environmental |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 12
Operational Efficiency
We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint and
improving the operational performance of our portfolio.
Examples of such commitment include managing energy usage,
focusing on waste diversion, and continuing to support the
installation of EV charging stations at our properties. We have
also established more sustainable processes throughout our
operations and, where possible, have used more environmentally
sustainable materials. We continue to collaborate with partners
and tenants to leverage new technologies to create additional AIR-SOURCE HEAT PUMP INVESTMENT
efficiencies and cost savings over time.
Planning began in 2022 for a 2023 pilot to
We invest in initiatives and seek opportunities that support transition one of our retail properties from
the ongoing evolution of our business and our goal to improve rooftop heating to air-source heat pumps.
operational efficiencies. Examples include: Air-source heat pumps are more efficient,
relying on electricity to generate heat instead
• Energy, Water, and Indoor Air Quality audits – conducted across
of natural gas. As most of our Scope 1 and
several properties as part of our BOMA BEST certification projects.
2 emissions result from the use of natural
• Begun implementation of new initiatives to improve waste diversion, gas to heat our properties, focusing on the
including the introduction of new collection streams and tenant electrification of our heating systems will
education materials across properties within our operationally significantly reduce our carbon footprint,
controlled portfolio. contributing to a more sustainable future.
• Installation and improvement of smart building monitoring systems at As we continue our efforts to reduce emissions
selected properties. from our existing properties, we proactively
review the lifecycle of our systems and
equipment and, where possible, invest in
OPERATIONAL CONTROL
Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning
Areas within those properties where we have Operational Control (HVAC) system retrofits, improved
are common areas and other landlord-controlled areas, such as: thermal performance and other energy
parking lots, mechanical and other maintenance rooms, storage
efficiency initiatives.
rooms, vestibules, interior hallways and public washrooms in enclosed
shopping centres, and property management offices.

[Table 1 — Page 12]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview | | Social Governance Glossary Appendix 12
----------------------------------------
| |
| Environmental |

[Table 2 — Page 12]

----------------------------------------


CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 13
ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE
TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMPTION LIKE-FOR-LIKE ENERGY CONSUMPTION
The following environmental performance data is for the
AND GHG EMISSIONS AND GHG EMISSIONS
areas of our properties under our Operational Control. In
2022, the REIT had Operational Control over approximately Energy consumption GHG emissions Energy consumption GHG emissions
10% of our portfolio by number of properties. Certain data
presented in this section received limited data assurance 1,817.8
by an external third-party following industry standard 16.8
ISAE3000/3410.
CT REIT’s approach to energy consumption and
1,118.4
carbon emissions performance 1,004.3
8.7 8.8 8.5
We track energy consumption data and associated
643.2
greenhouse gas emissions for properties within our 5.8 579.2 5.8
492.4
Operational Control.
At CT REIT, our energy conservation initiatives underway at
various operationally controlled properties include:
2020 2021 20221 2020 2021 2022
• Monitoring our energy consumption via check meters.
• Conducting energy audits to determine potential
opportunities for implementation of additional
conservation measures.
• Upgrading our lighting fixtures, building envelopes, and
HVAC equipment to improve energy use efficiency.
WHAT IS SCOPE 1, 2, AND 3?
SCOPE 1: Emissions that are direct S COPE 2: Emissions that are indirect S COPE 3: Emissions that are indirect
emissions from the combustion of on-site and occur off-site from the production emissions from CT REIT’s value chain
and mobile fuels that occur at, or are of energy, such as electricity, which is that are not under our Operational
associated with, facilities and operations then purchased for use at facilities and Control (e.g., consumption of natural gas
under the REIT’s Operational Control. The operations under the REIT’s Operational and electricity by our tenants within our
charts above captures these emissions. Control. The charts above captures these properties, emissions associated with
emissions. waste generated that is sent to landfill).
Scope 3 emissions aren’t included in the
figures shown above.
)hWke
snoillim(
noitpmusnoc
ygrenE
)eOC
t(
snoissime
GHG
)hWke
snoillim(
noitpmusnoc
ygrenE
)eOC
t(
snoissime
GHG
20 2,000 20 2,000
15 15
10 1,000 10 1,000
5 5
0 0 0 0
“Like-for-Like” includes assets that were owned and managed between January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022 which includes comparative
data in each reported year from 2020 to 2022. “Total” data includes assets which were owned and managed partly or wholly during the same
period without any adjustments.
1. This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.

[Table 1 — Page 13]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview | | Social Governance Glossary Appendix 13
----------------------------------------
| |
| Environmental |

[Table 2 — Page 13]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 3 — Page 13]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 4 — Page 13]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 5 — Page 13]
|
----------------------------------------
|

[Table 6 — Page 13]
|
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 13]
|
----------------------------------------
|

TOTAL WATER CONSUMPTION LIKE-FOR-LIKE WATER
CONSUMPTION
2020 2021 2020 2021 2022
2020 2021 2022
)3m
sdnasuohT(
)3m
sdnasuohT(
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 14
WATER CONSUMPTION
CT REIT’s approach to water consumption performance
We track water consumption for those properties within our Operational Control. In some 80 78.5 80
instances where a single water meter is being used at the property, tenant consumption
70 66.8 70
may be included together with those areas in which we have Operational Control. 63.7
61.4
60 58.0 60
At CT REIT, our water conservation initiatives at certain operationally controlled
52.0
properties include: 50 50
• Monitoring our water consumption through check meters and analyzing real-time data to 40 40
recommend operational improvements.
30 30
• Conducting water audits to measure and determine if any program upgrades are needed.
20 20
Upgrades may include changing water fixtures to low flow equipment to improve our water
use efficiency. 10 10
• Planting drought resistant plants at our properties that are native to their environment, 0 0
20221
more resilient and require less watering.
“Like-for-Like” includes assets that were owned and managed between January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022
which includes comparative data in each reported year from 2020 to 2022. “Total” data includes assets which
WASTE & RECYCLING were owned and managed partly or wholly during the same period without any adjustments.
1. This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.
CT REIT’s approach to waste diversion
We track waste metrics for properties within our Operational Control. The data monitored
and collected includes waste diversion data. PERCENTAGE OF WASTE DIVERTED FROM LANDFILL
At CT REIT, our waste management initiatives at certain operationally controlled CT REIT–Controlled Waste Diversion
properties include:
• Implementing integrated monthly waste diversion reporting to monitor, optimize and
customize waste management practices.
• Conducting annual waste audits to identify opportunities for improvement. 43.7 % 44.8 % 43.9 %
• Implementing new waste collection programs including mixed containers and organics.

[Table 1 — Page 14]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview | | Social Governance Glossary Appendix 14
----------------------------------------
| |
| Environmental |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 15
S ocia l
We believe people are at the heart of strong
businesses and communities. The talent and
dedication of our employees are the driving
force that brings our ESG strategy and related
initiatives to life. We support and give back to
the communities in which we operate.

[Table 1 — Page 15]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 15
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

[Table 2 — Page 15]

----------------------------------------


CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 16
Community Impact
We are committed to supporting opportunities for all by
investing in those communities in which we operate and
COMMUNITY OUTREACH SPOTLIGHT
which are an integral part of our continued success.
Inclusive multi-sport court in Welland, Ontario
SUPPORTING INCLUSIVE PLAY SPACES
In 2021, as part of its partnership with Jumpstart, CT REIT
CT REIT is committed to supporting the Canadian Tire committed $100,000, payable over two years, to support
Jumpstart Charities (Jumpstart), which have been assisting the construction of inclusive play space within some of the
kids overcome the financial and accessibility barriers to communities in which CT REIT operates, with the inaugural
sport and play for their kids since 2005. In 2022, Jumpstart project being a new multi-sport court and inclusive splash
provided funding to over 700 community sport and recreation pad in Welland, Ontario.
organizations in Canada, creating opportunities for over
440,000 kids in the process – the most in any single year to
date. Learn more about Jumpstart’s work here:
COMMUNITY OUTREACH SPOTLIGHT
2022 Annual Report.
Through our efforts, we were able to raise nearly
SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES
$120,000 for:
In addition to monetary donations, we know that volunteering
• Jumpstart
our time, skills and expertise can help support local communities.
• Cancer Foundation of Saskatchewan
Supporting employee voluntarism builds a stronger culture of
• Dress for Success
giving and provides opportunities for our employees to gain
a better understanding of the needs and challenges facing • Salvation Army
our communities. In 2022, an employee volunteer program, • Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation
Community Changemakers, was launched. The program
• Princess Margaret Hospital
provides employees with the opportunity to use 10 hours
• Crohn’s and Colitis Canada
of paid time off per year to support Jumpstart, Jumpstart
beneficiaries as well as other community organizations.
CT REIT team at the Ride for Life event in support of
the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation

[Table 1 — Page 16]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 16
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

[Table 2 — Page 16]
| COMMUNITY OUTREACH SPOTLIGHT Through our efforts, we were able to raise nearly $120,000 for: • Jumpstart • Cancer Foundation of Saskatchewan • Dress for Success • Salvation Army • Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation • Princess Margaret Hospital • Crohn’s and Colitis Canada CT REIT team at the Ride for Life event in support of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation
----------------------------------------

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 17
SUPPORTING DIVERSE EMERGING ENGAGING TENANTS IN CONVERSATION We believe that tenant feedback is an integral part of our
LEADERS IN REAL ESTATE client service model. We are better when we work together
CT REIT is committed to engaging with our tenants to
with our tenants to understand their needs and to deliver
Together with the Toronto Metropolitan University and Ted develop strong partnerships and healthy communities.
a level of service that exceeds their expectations. As part
Rogers School of Management, the REIT established a 5-year Throughout 2022, we hosted and facilitated several
of our broader tenant engagement program, CT REIT
partnership through to 2027 that includes financial support tenant engagement events across our portfolio, as well
conducted a survey with our tenants, requesting feedback
through a scholarship, industry experience through a paid as distributed newsletters and launched new contests,
on the services and programs we offer. The survey results
internship and engagement through mentorship opportunities promotions, and local social media campaigns.
provided critical insight to help us improve performance and
with members of CT REIT’s management team.
maintain operational excellence.
The annual real estate award recognizes two full-time
students, enrolled in the Real Estate Management Program at
Ted Rogers School of Management who self-identify as Black,
Indigenous, or People of Color and demonstrate academic
achievement and leadership through involvement in the
community.
The primary goal of the award is to encourage diversity, lower
PROJECT SPOTLIGHT
barriers to entry into the commercial real estate industry and
support emerging real estate leaders. Earth Day community cleanup
In 2022, we held our first community cleanup
LEVERAGING OUR PROPERTIES TO
event to celebrate Earth Day. With participation
SUPPORT COMMUNITIES
from across Canada, our teams collected 60 bags
CT REIT has established an urban beekeeping program with of debris totalling approximately 900 pounds.
the help of our partner, Alvéole. The program has enabled
us to increase engagement within communities in which we
operate, raise awareness about environmental issues, and
produce some great tasting honey! The program is in place
at seven CT REIT locations and each beehive generates
about 100 jars of honey annually which are shared with the
local community.

[Table 1 — Page 17]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 17
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 18
Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging
We are committed to creating a culture where We are committed to an equitable and inclusive
belonging is a must and diversity, inclusion culture that represents our people, our tenants and
and equity are a part of everything we do. their customers, and the communities in which our DIVERSITY INCLUSION
The representation of the The participation and
properties are located.
visible and non visible integration of different
Societies that prioritize equity and inclusion have a ways in which perspectives,
proven track record of flourishing and bringing out the This commitment is supported by CT REIT and people may BELONGING views, and
CTC’s collective DIB strategy that serves to foster differ The environment ideas
best in their individuals and communities. Inclusive, that fosters
an environment where everyone feels a sense of
equitable societies are stronger and more resilient individual authenticity
belonging. Belonging promotes an environment and common purpose
and provide greater opportunities for personal and to unlock engagement
where all are welcome and diverse voices are
community growth. and performance
sought, new viewpoints are considered, and
accessible and fair opportunities and experiences
OUR APPROACH are actively created.
EQUITY
CT REIT benefits from leveraging CTC’s Ensuring that people have
At CT REIT, we are committed to confronting and
access to opportunities
comprehensive DIB resources, participating in
breaking down barriers so that diversity, inclusion and and resources that
employee resource groups, DIB surveys, and meet their needs
belonging (DIB) is an authentic, valued, and embedded
courageous conversations, all in support of the
part of who we are.
collective DIB strategy which is integrated into our
day-to-day operations.

[Table 1 — Page 18]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 18
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 19
DIVERSITY INCLUSION BELONGING
Diversity at all levels within our organization is part of our An inclusive and welcoming workplace is critical to ensuring Belonging is a necessary aspect of life: when people feel
connection to a stronger workforce. In 2023, CT REIT’s that equity-deserving employees thrive in their roles and like they belong, they can fully be their best selves with
Board of Trustees adopted a Board Diversity Policy and choose to stay with CT REIT long term. Our commitment to their colleagues, customers and communities. Through our
set a target to have female representation of at least 30% DIB is grounded in the belief that every employee deserves annual DIB survey, first implemented in 2020, we collect
on the Board. to feel valued, respected and supported. Initiatives and valuable insights and measure the feeling of belonging
opportunities to support the retention of employees from across the organization. In 2022, our survey was voluntarily
Gender diversity is represented throughout our organization
equity-deserving backgrounds, have been developed for completed by 86% of employees. See the table below for a
with women representing 52% of all employees at all levels
CTC and its subsidiaries including CT REIT. Such initiatives summary of select scores.
and 75% of senior executives.
include CivicMatch (in partnership with the CivicAction
As we continue to listen to and learn from our employees,
Leadership Foundation) which connects senior leaders
we will continue to leverage the findings to develop
with rising leaders from equity-deserving backgrounds for
programs and strategies to support the growth,
mentorship, networking, and coaching.
development, and connection of our diverse team.
52% 75%
All Employees Senior Executives 2022 DIB SURVEY – SELECT RESULTS
Commitment to DIB Belonging score Inclusion score
score
80 81 79
Growth score Authenticity score Conversation engagement
score
80 83 82
54% 42%
Team Members All Management
Senior Executives includes: C-suite executives and Senior Vice President level
employees. All Management includes: Vice President, Associate Vice President,
and Manager-level employees. Team Members include individual contributor level
employees. All employees comprise of 58 people as of Dec 31, 2022.

[Table 1 — Page 19]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 19
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 20
Talent & Culture
We are committed to being an organization that attracts CREATING AN INCLUSIVE AND MEANINGFUL
and retains the best talent and ensures our people are EXPERIENCE FOR CURRENT AND
Bringing our Core Values to Life
proud of the work they do and the community that they PROSPECTIVE TALENT
are a part of. Our core values are a representation of our
fundamental beliefs. Our success is anchored in our people. For that reason, it
is important for us to attract top talent with inclusive and
CT REIT is only as strong as our people. Our long-term • We are innovators at our core.
meaningful experiences. In our 2022 eVoice survey, employees’
success is anchored in our consistent ability to attract
• Outcomes drive us.
sentiment regarding our ESG strategy awareness scored 84
and retain highly talented and dedicated individuals of all
• Inclusion is a must. points and the ESG strategy progress scored 77 points.
backgrounds, abilities, and skill sets. We are committed
to designing and delivering an inclusive and meaningful • We are stronger together.
employee experience that empowers our employees to • We take personal responsibility.
achieve their fullest potential. This includes providing
opportunities for growth and development and cultivating Our core values are embedded within our talent Our 2022 eVoice results
practices and all aspects of our employee experience
a healthy pipeline of talent while leading through new ways
The voice of our employees informs our people and
to drive awareness and engagement.
of working.
culture priorities
90% 81
OUR APPROACH Our employee-based Social Engagement Committee was
formed in 2022 to support CT REIT’s ongoing commitment
Investing in our employees’ financial, physical, and mental of employees our 2022
to ESG, with a specific focus on the “S” of ESG.
well-being is paramount to the success of our business. participated engagement score
The Committee is focused on:
We are committed to designing and delivering an inclusive
and meaningful employee experience that empowers 1.Engaging the REIT’s employees, tenants and their 82
our employees to excel in their roles and achieve their customers, and the communities in which we operate.
our intent to
fullest potential.
2.Promoting a corporate culture that is inclusive and stay score
supports diversity and feelings of belonging.
3. Overseeing the REIT’s support of charitable and
social causes.

[Table 1 — Page 20]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 20
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 21
SUPPORTING OUR EMPLOYEES’ WELLBEING
INITIATIVE SPOTLIGHT
At CT REIT we prioritize employees and their families. Ken Silver
We continually introduce and evaluate programs to Legacy Award
ensure they serve our employees’ and their families’
In 2022, we established the
wellness. For instance, we harmonized our Flex Days
Ken Silver Legacy Award
Program in 2022, offering employees eight paid days off
(in honour of CT REIT’s first
a year. Employees can take the time when it is important
Chief Executive Officer) to
and best supports them to address personal illness,
recognize, on an annual
focus on personal well-being and disconnect from work,
basis, an employee who
address family emergencies, or recognize a cultural day
reflects CT REIT’s culture
of significance. In addition, we provide our employees
and values, and who has
with access to services such as virtual healthcare,
been a key contributor to
employee assistance programs, and mental health
our success.
support programs.
INVESTING IN THE FUTURE A variety of resources and tools are available to enable our
>300
employees’ development, including targeted development
We are investing in our talent, both for today and the years
interactions opportunities, self-assessment tools, 360-degree feedback
to come. As part of this investment, we are focused on
with pieces of and personal coaching. The TLA offers numerous
building a talent pool with the right skills and capabilities to
learning content on-demand learning experiences that employees can
support our future business outcomes. We believe that an
access in support of their development, including the
integral part of cultivating a positive work culture is to focus
enhancement of individual and team effectiveness, roleon our talent and learning ecosystem. By developing our
specific and organizational capabilities, and leadership
employees to achieve their fullest potential, we are better
development and growth programs.
positioned to execute our strategic initiatives.
In 2022, many employees leveraged the TLA and
At CT REIT, we encourage our employees to take personal
32 participated in several programs, such as cybersecurity
ownership of their development with the support of people
awareness training, ways to improve mental health at work,
leaders. Individual development planning is an ongoing
different on-demand leadership and effective communication, among others.
process of identifying meaningful development goals in
experiences and Such employee engagement opportunities have been
learning programs service of our employees’ success in both their current
shown to increase job satisfaction and earning potential,
were accessed roles and their longer-term career aspirations.
while strengthening the skill set of our employees and the
competitiveness of our enterprise.

[Table 1 — Page 21]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental | | Governance Glossary Appendix 21
----------------------------------------
| |
| Social |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 22
Gover na nce
Our success in operating with accountability
and transparency is directly tied to our
governance practices. With sound policies and
practices, our good corporate governance
foundation allows us to protect the trust of
our stakeholders.

[Table 1 — Page 22]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social | | Glossary Appendix 22
----------------------------------------
| |
| Governance |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 23
Governance
CT REIT is committed to good corporate governance, Our Declaration of Trust incorporates a governance framework The Board has delegated a number of its responsibilities to
as reflected in our policies and practices. We strive that ensures Board independence and addresses, its three standing committees, as permitted by the REIT’s
to ensure that our corporate governance promotes among other matters, conflicts of interest and related Declaration of Trust, to enable the Board to operate more
oversight, accountability, integrity, independence, party transactions. efficiently and to focus on the more significant business
and transparency and is aligned with our Core Values. and strategic issues affecting the REIT. This approach
The Board believes that overseeing the REIT’s development,
to committee delegation also empowers each of the
We believe that good governance starts with an engaged maintenance of, and approach to good corporate governance
committees to focus on key areas of accountability.
Board of Trustees, a strong code of conduct, and other is essential to its role and is committed to developing strong
Key areas of responsibility for each committee are
policies that address key areas of governance and risk corporate governance policies and practices that reflect our
listed below:
management within the organization, such as privacy and unique circumstances, which continue to be enhanced, as
cyber security. With effective leadership and systems in required, to adapt to the REIT’s business needs and respond
place, we can achieve sustainable growth, remain resilient in to evolving internal and external environments.
the face of ongoing changes and challenges, and continue
to serve our unitholders, tenants, employees, partners,
and communities. AUDIT GOVERNANCE, COMPENSATION AND INVESTMENT
COMMITTEE NOMINATING COMMITTEE COMMITTEE
OVERSIGHT Financial statements and Corporate governance policies and Investment plan and
related disclosures; internal practices; ESG initiatives and related property portfolio, including
CT REIT’s Board of Trustees is responsible for the stewardship
control over financial disclosures; board and committee related investment policies,
of the REIT and acts in the best interest of the REIT and
reporting, and disclosure composition and related performance performance, and proposals;
its Unitholders. The Board oversees management’s
controls and procedures; assessments; trustee education and environmental management
decisions with respect to the REIT’s strategic planning,
enterprise risk management, orientation; trustee remuneration; related program and related
capital planning, investment and funding strategy, planning
including Code of Conduct party transactions process; executive compliance policy; and
for growth, succession planning, talent management,
distributions, financial reporting and disclosure, fundamental compliance; and internal and compensation, including compensation environmental sustainability
policies, the control environment, the management of external auditor oversight. design, plans, policies, procedures, and and reporting.
enterprise risk, and ESG matters and initiatives. practices; talent management succession
planning; and workforce diversity
and inclusion.
See pages 26 to 31 of our 2022 Management Information Circular for a report by each Committee on its purpose
and responsibilities under their respective mandates and an update of each Committees’ activities in 2022.

[Table 1 — Page 23]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social | | Glossary Appendix 23
----------------------------------------
| |
| Governance |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 24
BOARD INDEPENDENCE BOARD COMPOSITION As the GCN Committee undertakes board renewal
activities, it also considers the tenure of the trustees to
Having an independent board is one of the ways the REIT The GCN Committee oversees the Board’s renewal process.
ensure an appropriate mix of longer serving and newer
ensures that the Board can operate independently of The competencies and skills of each trustee are identified
trustees.
management and make decisions in the best interests of in a trustee skills matrix which is publicly disclosed in
the REIT. Five of the eight (63%) trustees are independent our Management Information Circular. The skills matrix In 2023, the Board adopted a written diversity policy
within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. is regularly reviewed by the Board to ensure that it has codifying its commitment to board diversity. When
The Board is led by an independent, non-executive Chair. the appropriate composite of competencies and skills for assessing its composition or identifying suitable
Each Committee is chaired by an independent Chair. effectively overseeing the management of the REIT, taking into candidates for appointment or election, the Board
consideration the evolving needs and strategies of the REIT. considers candidates using objective criteria having
See page 19 of our 2022 Management Information Circular. due regard to the benefits of diversity and the needs
of the Board. In adopting the diversity policy, the
Board set a target that it be comprised of at least
30% women. The Board has met and is committed to
continuously meeting this target.
Board Composition
63% 50% 50%
GENDER BOARD
INDEPENDENCE
Five of the eight trustees DIVERSITY Four of the eight trustees RENEWAL Four trustees have served
are independent self-identify as women for less than five years;
four have served for
five years or more
Following the voting results of the REIT’s most recent annual meeting on May 9, 2023.

[Table 1 — Page 24]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social | | Glossary Appendix 24
----------------------------------------
| |
| Governance |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 25
Business Ethics
Guided by our commitment under our Code of Conduct – CODE OF CONDUCT
to conduct our business honestly and with integrity – we CODE OF CONDUCT
To ensure a clear understanding and consistent level of
are committed to maintaining clear ethical conduct and
commitment to ethical business practices, CT REIT has The commitments outlined in our Code of Conduct
standards across our operations and ensuring that we
adopted a Code of Conduct which formally addresses the reflect our values and form the foundation for
operate our business with integrity.
ethical business standards and expectations of the REIT’s how we go about business and interact with
We believe that conducting business in accordance with the trustees, employees and those individuals who act on behalf internal and external stakeholders.
highest standards builds trust and protects our reputation with of the REIT (such as independent contractors) with respect
employees, tenants, suppliers, and our other stakeholders. to the compliance with laws and a commitment to integrity,
1 We treat others as we would
honesty and respect when dealing with each other, business
It is vital that everyone on our team has a shared understanding like to be treated.
partners and communities.
of what it means to act with honesty, integrity, and respect.
We achieve this through our Code of Conduct and compliance Our Code of Conduct is based upon our Core Values, which
programs, all of which are supported by our leadership’s we pride ourselves on living to ensure we continuously strive 2 We safeguard the REIT’s assets,
information, and reputation.
commitment to our Core Values. to be a socially responsible organization. See the REIT’s
Code of Conduct.
The REIT’s Core Values help guide the REIT in achieving
its purpose of delivering reliable, durable and growing Our onboarding process requires new trustees and 3 We conduct our business honestly
results over time and in supporting our approach to employees to review and sign off on the Code of Conduct. and with integrity.
corporate governance. All trustees and employees are also expected to annually
acknowledge and confirm that they have read and understand
the Code of Conduct and are responsible for complying with 4 We contribute to the communities
it. In addition, biennial Code of Conduct training is required by in which we operate.
all employees of the REIT.
External consultants and contractors engaged to provide
services to the REIT are expected to demonstrate an
understanding and compliance with the standards and
expectations set out in the Code.
In 2022, 100% of our trustees and employees completed the
annual sign-off of the Code of Conduct.

[Table 1 — Page 25]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social | | Glossary Appendix 25
----------------------------------------
| |
| Governance |

[Table 2 — Page 25]

----------------------------------------


CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 26
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
ENGAGEMENT TYPE INVESTORS TENANTS EMPLOYEES COMMUNITY
We believe that maintaining open lines of
Environmental and sustainability surveys x x
communication with our stakeholders on
key matters ensures continued trust and Community engagement for development planning x
confidence. Our Board and management
Compensation and benefits x
have worked to develop a trusted relationship
with our stakeholders including our Donations and volunteering x x x
Unitholders, employees, tenants, and the
Intranet/employee resource groups x
investment community.
Space donation for community events x x
CT REIT’s stakeholder engagement activities
and communications in 2022 include: Social community events x x x
Town hall communications x
Website x x x x
Annual meetings x x x
Annual and quarterly reports x x
Code of Conduct x x
External conferences x x x x
Investor meetings x
Investor relations dedicated e-mail address x
Management information circulars x x
Media Releases x x x x
Sponsorship of industry events x x x
Quarterly conference calls x x
Media Releases x x x x
Sponsorship of industry events x x x

[Table 1 — Page 26]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social | | Glossary Appendix 26
----------------------------------------
| |
| Governance |

[Table 2 — Page 26]
ENGAGEMENT TYPE | INVESTORS | TENANTS | EMPLOYEES | COMMUNITY
----------------------------------------
Environmental and sustainability surveys | | x | x |
Community engagement for development planning | | | | x
Compensation and benefits | | | x |
Donations and volunteering | | x | x | x
Intranet/employee resource groups | | | x |
Space donation for community events | | x | | x
Social community events | | x | x | x
Town hall communications | | | x |
Website | x | x | x | x
Annual meetings | x | | x | x
Annual and quarterly reports | x | | x |
Code of Conduct | x | | x |
External conferences | x | x | x | x
Investor meetings | x | | |
Investor relations dedicated e-mail address | x | | |
Management information circulars | x | | x |
Media Releases | x | x | x | x
Sponsorship of industry events | x | x | x |
Quarterly conference calls | x | | x |
Media Releases | x | x | x | x
Sponsorship of industry events | x | x | x |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 27
Risk Management
Effective management of risk is a key priority for the Board reputation, support the achievement of the REIT’s growth and makes recommendations to the Board regarding any
and management. The Board oversees the implementation strategy and objectives, preserve and enhance Unitholder changes to the ERM Policy and Framework, risk appetite
by management of the Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) value, and to support business planning and operations by statement and other policies that govern the REIT’s risks.
Policy and Framework that outlines the REIT’s approach to providing a cross-functional perspective to risk management,
Additional information on the REIT’s ERM Framework
effective risk management. The ERM Framework addresses integrated with strategic planning and reporting processes.
and key risks is included in section 4 of CT REIT’s Annual
the identification, assessment, monitoring, mitigation and
Through its delegated authority, the Audit Committee Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2022,
reporting on the REIT’s key and emerging risks through
assists the Board with oversight of the REIT’s enterprise and in section 12 of CT REIT’s Management’s Discussion
policies and the implementation of systems and controls to
risk management processes. The Audit Committee reports and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2022.
manage these risks. The REIT’s ERM Framework is designed
quarterly to the Board on management’s assessment of key
to provide an integrated approach to the management
risks, risk ratings and mitigation plans (where appropriate),
of risks in a disciplined manner to safeguard the REIT’s
Privacy & Data Security
Risks and responsibilities related to data privacy, including The data privacy program is centred on trust and CT REIT acknowledges that cybersecurity is more than just
the ethical use, management and security of data extends transparency and works together with the REIT’s cyber a technology challenge, but a business imperative that relies
to our employee, tenant, and corporate information. Our security program to ensure that any data we receive is on each employee playing an important role to ensure the
privacy program is embedded in all areas of the business sufficiently protected. REIT maintains constant vigilance.
and integrated with CTC.
By building a culture of cyber security awareness within
WE TAKE CYBERSECURITY SERIOUSLY
the REIT, along with integrated policies and standards, an
TRANSPARENCY WITH INFORMATION We are committed to safeguarding the REIT’s assets, embedded multi-layered set of controls and round-the-clock
information, and reputation. We ensure that training on our monitoring in conjunction with CTC, we ensure that the REIT
The protection of personal information and data privacy is
risk management and cybersecurity programs are part remains resilient against cyberattacks.
managed at the enterprise-level and CT REIT adheres and is
of our employee onboarding process and employees are
bound by CTC’s Privacy Policy and procedures to protect Together, with the support of CTC, we are staying ahead
also required to review the policies and complete a training
the personal information of its stakeholders. of threats to our organization through integrated policies,
module annually. In 2022, 100% of REIT employees were
an embedded multi-layered set of controls, training, and
assigned and completed this cyber training.
round-the-clock monitoring.

[Table 1 — Page 27]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social | | Glossary Appendix 27
----------------------------------------
| |
| Governance |

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 28
Glossary
Term Definition
Board Refers to the CT REIT Board of Trustees.
BOMA BEST BOMA BEST Sustainable Buildings certification recognizes excellence in energy and environmental management and performance in commercial real estate. The Program is managed by the Building
Owners and Managers Association of Canada (BOMA Canada) and delivered by the eleven Local BOMA Associations throughout Canada.
Canadian Tire Refers to the general merchandise retail and services business carried on under the Canadian Tire name and trademarks.
CT REIT or Refers to the business carried on by CT Real Estate Investment Trust and its subsidiaries.
the REIT
CTC Refers to Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, its predecessor corporations and all entities controlled by it and their collective businesses, unless the context otherwise requires.
DIB Refers to diversity, inclusion and belonging.
ESG Refers to “environmental, social and governance,” and encompasses the range of issues a company manages that are related to sustainable development, including environmental protection, social
responsibility, and good governance.
GCN Governance, Compensation & Nominating Committee.
GHG Greenhouse Gases.
ISAE 3000/3410 International Standards on Assurance Engagements/Assurance engagements on greenhouse gas statements.
Jumpstart Refers to Canadian Tire Jumpstart Charities.
LEED Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design is a green building certification program used worldwide that includes a set of rating systems for the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of
green buildings, which aims to help building owners and operators be environmentally responsible and use resources efficiently.
TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.
TLA Triangle Learning Academy.

[Table 1 — Page 28]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance | | Appendix 28
----------------------------------------
| |
| Glossary |

[Table 2 — Page 28]
Term | Definition
----------------------------------------
Board | Refers to the CT REIT Board of Trustees.
BOMA BEST | BOMA BEST Sustainable Buildings certification recognizes excellence in energy and environmental management and performance in commercial real estate. The Program is managed by the Building Owners and Managers Association of Canada (BOMA Canada) and delivered by the eleven Local BOMA Associations throughout Canada.
Canadian Tire | Refers to the general merchandise retail and services business carried on under the Canadian Tire name and trademarks.
CT REIT or the REIT | Refers to the business carried on by CT Real Estate Investment Trust and its subsidiaries.
CTC | Refers to Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, its predecessor corporations and all entities controlled by it and their collective businesses, unless the context otherwise requires.
DIB | Refers to diversity, inclusion and belonging.
ESG | Refers to “environmental, social and governance,” and encompasses the range of issues a company manages that are related to sustainable development, including environmental protection, social responsibility, and good governance.
GCN | Governance, Compensation & Nominating Committee.
GHG | Greenhouse Gases.
ISAE 3000/3410 | International Standards on Assurance Engagements/Assurance engagements on greenhouse gas statements.
Jumpstart | Refers to Canadian Tire Jumpstart Charities.
LEED | Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design is a green building certification program used worldwide that includes a set of rating systems for the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of green buildings, which aims to help building owners and operators be environmentally responsible and use resources efficiently.
TCFD | Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.
TLA | Triangle Learning Academy.

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 29
Appendix
The data presented in this Appendix includes a more DATA COVERAGE
detailed overview of our energy and water consumption,
The energy, water, waste, and Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse The Scope 3 data presented comes from information
our waste generation and recycling, and our greenhouse
gas emissions data shown in this Appendix is representative provided by our tenants on a voluntary basis and includes
gas emissions.
of areas in our portfolio where we have Operational Control. estimates. Furthermore, total data shown here represents
“Like-for-Like” includes assets that were owned and This data is either directly obtained from utility bills or, in 89% of all of our GLA. CT REIT aims to continue to work
managed between January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022 the case of greenhouse gas emissions, calculated based with its tenants to increase the Scope 3 data coverage, on
which includes comparative data in each reported year on emission factors that match the fuel type and/or region a year-over-year basis.
from 2020 to 2022. “Total” data includes assets which where the energy was purchased from the grid.
were owned and managed partly or wholly during the same
period without any adjustments.
CT REIT – Controlled Energy Consumption
Total Energy Consumption (eMWh) Like-For-Like Energy Consumption (eMWh)
Asset Class 2020 2021 2022 Asset Class 2020 2021 2022
Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 14.7 n/a n/a Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 14.7 n/a n/a
Electricity 14.7 n/a n/a Electricity 14.7 n/a n/a
Natural Gas n/a n/a n/a Natural Gas n/a n/a n/a
Industrial 2,028.2 752.1 24.9 Industrial 252.7 90.1 24.9
Electricity 252.7 90.1 24.9 Electricity 252.7 90.1 24.9
Natural Gas 1,775.4 662.0 n/a Natural Gas n/a n/a n/a
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 6,342.5 6,827.0 11,500.7 Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 5,199.0 5,522.9 8,289.8
Electricity 4,046.8 3,998.7 6,262.0 Electricity 4,046.8 3,915.6 5,791.9
Natural Gas 2,295.7 2,828.2 5,238.7 Natural Gas 1,152.2 1,607.3 2,497.9
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 333.5 1,253.2 5,275.0 Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 324.7 182.9 201.4
Electricity 324.7 641.9 3,370.0 Electricity 324.7 182.9 201.4
Natural Gas 8.8 611.3 1,904.9 Natural Gas n/a n/a n/a
Total 8,718.8 8,832.3 16,800.6 Total 5,791.2 5,795.8 8,516.2
This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.

[Table 1 — Page 29]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary | | 29
----------------------------------------
| |
| Appendix |

[Table 2 — Page 29]
Asset Class | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 29]
Asset Class | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
----------------------------------------

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 30
Appendix
CT REIT – Portfolio Energy Consumption
Total Energy Consumption (eMWh)
2020 2021 2022
Non- Non- NonLandlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord
Asset Class Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total
Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 14.7 338,547.5 338,562.1 n/a 360,266.9 360,266.9 n/a 399,516.0 399,541.3
Industrial 2,028.2 67,462.7 69,490.9 752.1 59,110.5 59,862.6 24.9 64,396.9 64,421.8
Mixed-Use n/a 21,658.9 21,658.9 n/a 21,594.8 21,594.8 n/a 23,958.6 23,958.6
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 6,342.5 87,234.9 93,577.4 6,827.0 89,697.5 96,524.4 11,500.7 101,476.9 112,952.3
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 333.5 2,817.6 3,151.1 1,253.2 4,951.1 6,204.4 5,275.0 3,160.0 8,434.9
Other Single-Tenant Properties n/a 681.1 681.1 n/a 2,873.7 2,873.7 n/a 2,743.5 2,743.5
Total 8,718.8 518,402.7 527,121.5 8,832.3 538,494.5 547,326.7 16,800.6 595,251.9 612,052.5
Like-For-Like Energy Consumption (eMWh)
2020 2021 2022
Non- Non- NonLandlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord
Asset Class Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total
Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 14.7 338,547.5 338,562.1 n/a 346,339.2 346,339.2 n/a 364,744.0 364,744.0
Industrial 252.7 67,462.7 67,715.5 90.1 59,110.5 59,200.6 24.9 64,396.9 64,421.8
Mixed-Use n/a 21,658.9 21,658.9 n/a 21,594.8 21,594.8 n/a 23,958.6 23,958.6
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 5,199.0 87,234.9 92,434.0 5,522.9 87,597.2 93,120.0 8,289.8 97,734.3 106,024.2
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 324.7 2,792.9 3,117.6 182.9 3,790.0 3,972.9 201.4 1,834.5 2,035.9
Other Single-Tenant Properties n/a 681.1 681.1 n/a 699.0 699.0 n/a 707.3 707.3
Total 5,791.2 518,378.0 524,169.1 5,795.8 519,130.6 524,926.5 8,516.2 553,375.6 561,891.8
This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.

[Table 1 — Page 30]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary | | 30
----------------------------------------
| |
| Appendix |

[Table 2 — Page 30]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total

[Table 3 — Page 30]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 31
Appendix
CT REIT – Controlled GHG Emissions by Scope
Total GHG Emissions (t CO e) Like-For-Like GHG Emissions (t CO e)
2 2
Asset Class 2020 2021 2022 Asset Class 2020 2021 2022
Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 0.0 n/a n/a Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 0.0 n/a n/a
Scope 1 n/a n/a n/a Electricity n/a n/a n/a
Scope 2 0.0 n/a n/a Natural Gas 0.0 n/a n/a
Industrial 478.4 176.0 14.7 Industrial 149.1 53.2 14.7
Scope 1 329.3 122.8 n/a Electricity n/a n/a n/a
Scope 2 149.1 53.2 14.7 Natural Gas 149.1 53.2 14.7
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 565.6 648.1 1,329.4 Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 357.3 378.2 559.2
Scope 1 420.3 517.5 953.8 Electricity 212.1 295.8 456.3
Scope 2 145.2 130.6 375.6 Natural Gas 145.2 82.4 102.9
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 74.4 180.3 473.7 Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 72.8 61.1 69.3
Scope 1 1.6 113.5 354.0 Electricity n/a n/a n/a
Scope 2 72.8 66.8 119.7 Natural Gas 72.8 61.1 69.3
Total 1,118.4 1,004.3 1,817.8 Total 579.2 492.4 643.2
This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.

[Table 1 — Page 31]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary | | 31
----------------------------------------
| |
| Appendix |

[Table 2 — Page 31]
Asset Class | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 31]
Asset Class | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
----------------------------------------

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 32
Appendix
CT REIT – Portfolio GHG Emissions
Total GHG Emissions (t CO e)1
2020 2021 2022
Non- Non- NonLandlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord
Asset Class Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total
Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 0.0 55,421.1 55,421.1 n/a 58,193.7 58,193.7 6.1 62,423.5 62,429.6
Industrial 478.4 8,680.1 9,158.5 175.9 8,641.7 8,817.7 14.7 8,225.9 8,240.6
Mixed-Use n/a 2,384.3 2,384.3 n/a 2,106.0 2,106.0 n/a 2,361.3 2,361.3
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 1,110.4 11,360.8 12,471.2 1,367.4 12,268.1 13,635.5 2,156.3 14,055.2 16,211.5
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 230.4 788.3 1,018.7 403.7 1,772.0 2,175.7 698.3 1,004.8 1,703.1
Other Single-Tenant Properties n/a 22.2 22.2 n/a 669.0 669.0 n/a 631.2 631.2
Total 1,819.3 78,656.7 80,476.0 1,947.0 83,650.4 85,597.4 2,875.4 88,701.8 91,577.2
Like-For-Like Emissions (t CO e)1
2020 2021 2022
Non- Non- NonLandlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord
Asset Class Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total
Canadian Tire Store Single-Tenant Properties 0.0 55,421.1 55,421.1 n/a 57,933.7 57,933.7 n/a 60,689.7 60,689.7
Industrial 149.1 8,680.1 8,829.2 53.2 8,641.7 8,694.9 14.7 8,225.9 8,240.6
Mixed-Use n/a 2,384.3 2,384.3 n/a 2,106.0 2,106.0 n/a 2,361.3 2,361.3
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 357.3 11,360.8 11,718.1 378.2 11,548.2 11,926.3 559.2 13,069.6 13,628.8
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 72.8 783.7 856.5 61.1 1,362.3 1,423.4 69.3 629.0 698.3
Other Single-Tenant Properties n/a 22.2 22.2 n/a 26.0 26.0 n/a 31.0 31.0
Total 579.2 78,652.1 79,231.3 492.4 81,617.8 82,110.2 643.2 85,006.4 85,649.7
1. Waste emissions are included for both Landlord and Non-landlord controlled properties.

[Table 1 — Page 32]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary | | 32
----------------------------------------
| |
| Appendix |

[Table 2 — Page 32]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total

[Table 3 — Page 32]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 33
Appendix
CT REIT – Controlled Water Consumption
Total Water Consumption (m3) Like-For-Like Water Consumption (m3)
Asset Class 2020 2021 2022 Asset Class 2020 2021 2022
Industrial 113.1 519.6 270.7 Industrial n/a n/a n/a
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 65,747.4 55,111.6 69,933.1 Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 63,340.4 50,973.7 60,732.5
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 381.4 2,335.3 8,282.8 Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 381.4 996.8 636.8
Other Single-Tenant Properties 562.0 n/a n/a Other Single-Tenant Properties n/a n/a n/a
Total 66,803.9 57,966.5 78,486.6 Total 63,721.8 51,970.4 61,369.3
CT REIT – Portfolio Water Consumption
Total Water Consumption (m3)
2020 2021 2022
Non- Non- NonLandlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord
Asset Class Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total
Industrial 113.1 n/a 113.1 519.6 n/a 519.6 270.7 n/a 270.7
Mixed-Use n/a 34,317.9 34,317.9 n/a 27,475.4 27,475.4 n/a 35,032.7 35,032.7
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 65,747.4 426.0 66,173.4 55,111.6 309.3 55,420.9 69,933.1 50.1 69,983.1
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 381.4 n/a 381.4 2,335.3 n/a 2,335.3 8,282.8 n/a 8,282.8
Other Single-Tenant Properties 562.0 227.6 789.6 n/a 2,006.1 2,006.1 n/a 1,829.9 1,829.9
Total 66,803.9 34,971.5 101,775.4 57,966.5 29,790.7 87,757.2 78,486.6 36,912.7 115,399.3
Like-For-Like Water Consumption (m3)
2020 2021 2022
Non- Non- NonLandlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord Landlord
Asset Class Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total Controlled Controlled Total
Industrial n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
Mixed-Use n/a 34,317.9 34,317.9 n/a 27,475.4 27,475.4 n/a 35,032.7 35,032.7
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 63,340.4 426.0 63,766.4 50,973.7 309.3 51,283.0 60,732.5 50.1 60,782.6
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 381.4 n/a 381.4 996.8 n/a 996.8 636.8 n/a 636.8
Other Single-Tenant Properties n/a 115.5 115.5 n/a 83.3 83.3 n/a 60.9 60.9
Total 63,721.8 34,859.4 98,581.2 51,970.4 27,867.9 79,838.4 61,369.3 35,143.6 96,513.0
This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.

[Table 1 — Page 33]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary | | 33
----------------------------------------
| |
| Appendix |

[Table 2 — Page 33]
Asset Class | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 33]
Asset Class | 2020 | 2021 | 2022
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 33]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total

[Table 5 — Page 33]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total | Landlord Controlled | Non- Landlord Controlled | Total

CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary Appendix 34
Appendix
CT REIT – Controlled Waste Diversion
Weight of Non-Hazardous Waste (metric tonnes)
Asset Class 2020 2021 2022
Diversion Diversion Diversion
Landfill Diverted Rate Landfil Diverted Rate Landfill Diverted Rate
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 441 370 45.7% 585 530 47.5% 674 586 46.5%
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 139 80 36.5% 202 110 35.2% 203 100 32.9%
Total 580 450 43.7% 787 640 44.8% 877 686 43.9%
CT REIT – Total Waste Diversion
Total Portfolio Weight of Non-Hazardous Waste (metric tonnes)
Asset Class 2020 2021 2022
Diversion Diversion Diversion
Landfill Diverted Rate Landfill Diverted Rate Landfill Diverted Rate
Mixed-Use 44 65 59.3% 48 33 41.0% 54 88 61.9%
Multi-Tenant Properties Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 441 370 45.7% 585 530 47.5% 674 586 46.5%
Multi-Tenant Properties Not Anchored by a Canadian Tire Store 139 80 36.5% 202 110 35.2% 203 100 32.9%
Total 624 515 45.3% 835 673 44.6% 931 773 45.4%
CT REIT – EV Charging Stations
EV Charging Stations (cumulative)
Charger Type 2020 2021 2022
# of Chargers # of Properties # of Chargers # of Properties # of Chargers # of Properties
Level 2 20 13 42 35 50 43
Level 3 134 38 211 70 336 92
Total 154 38 253 70 386 92
This symbol identifies third-party limited assurance of the current year data.

[Table 1 — Page 34]
CT REIT 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Overview Environmental Social Governance Glossary | | 34
----------------------------------------
| |
| Appendix |

[Table 2 — Page 34]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landfill | Diverted | Diversion Rate | Landfil | Diverted | Diversion Rate | Landfill | Diverted | Diversion Rate

[Table 3 — Page 34]
Asset Class | 2020 | | | 2021 | | | 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| Landfill | Diverted | Diversion Rate | Landfill | Diverted | Diversion Rate | Landfill | Diverted | Diversion Rate

[Table 4 — Page 34]
Charger Type | 2020 | | 2021 | | 2022 |
----------------------------------------
| # of Chargers | # of Properties | # of Chargers | # of Properties | # of Chargers | # of Properties