--- Document Metadata ---
Title: Deloitte 2023 Global Impact Report
Created: D:20231106085411+01'00'
Pages: 115
--- End Metadata ---

Building
better
futures
2023 GLOBAL IMPACT REPORT

[Table 1 — Page 1]

----------------------------------------


Building better futures | 2
Contents
Letter from leadership
Business Environmental Social Governance
Artificial intelligence and innovation Environmental progress Societal impact Anti-corruption commitment
Climate considerations in financial
Deloitte core services Health equity Confidentiality, privacy, and cybersecurity
statement audits
Locations Nature and biodiversity Humanitarian response Deloitte organizational structure
Sustainable and responsible supply chain Our people Ethics
Environmental performance data limited Learning and development Global security
assurance report FY2023
Disability inclusion and neurodiversity Human rights
LGBT+ inclusion Independence
Mental health Leadership and governance
Racial and ethnic inclusion Public policy
Women’s equity Risk and opportunity management
Stakeholder engagement and materiality
Methods and frameworks
ESG highlights and performance metrics
Basis of reporting, GRI index, stakeholder capitalism metrics

Building better futures | 3
Letter from leadership
The global business While this dynamic environment has created diversity of experiences and career paths, the
challenges, it also continues to bring forth markets value the quality we deliver, and our
environment has been
incredible human ingenuity, creativity, communities value the impact we make on
incredibly dynamic over the determination, and resilience—with the aim of many big societal challenges.
advancing toward a better future. We have been
past year. The pace of change
energized by how organizations and individuals Accelerating transformational change
and the increasing complexity have innovated and adapted, and we are proud
As the pace of change has accelerated, we have
to work alongside them to help navigate some
continued to help organizations tackle their
we see in the world around us
of the most complex challenges and
most complex challenges and guide them on
are relentless—and that breakthroughs of modern times. their transformation journeys. We are
committed to investing alongside businesses,
momentum shows no signs of Leading with purpose
governments, and communities around the
slowing down. Deloitte’s business success goes well beyond world to develop and deliver breakthrough
financial performance. It is also driven by our solutions and services to help advance our
While the COVID-19 pandemic shaped the commitment to embedding our purpose, to collective progress.
global outlook during the first few years of this make an impact that matters, in everything we
Our record of delivering strong growth over the
decade, driving forces over the past year do. We have a responsibility to create a positive
past year reflects this. Analysts continue to
included unpredictability in the world economy impact with our clients, our people, and society.
recognize Deloitte as a leader across industries,
and profound shifts in the geopolitical Our organization continues to thrive by focusing
capabilities, and regions, year after year. And we
landscape. The need to adapt and respond to on the value we create across all dimensions—
have again been named the world’sstrongest
the rapid adoption of game-changing environmental, social, governance, and financial.
and most valuable commercial services brand
technologies like generative artificial intelligence
We also draw strength from our and among the world’s best workplaces.
(AI) has added further complexity. We have seen
multidisciplinary model, which brings together
markets and supply chains disrupted, This public recognition is underpinned by each
the tremendous range of experiences and
international relationships rewritten, and of the ways our organization has led with
capabilities in our organization globally to
expectations about the globalized world purpose. Across our businesses, Deloitte is
address the near-and long-term forces
economy upended. Amidst all this, also top of focused on guiding organizations’
reshaping business and society. Our
mind is the urgency to address climate change transformation journeys, helping them navigate
multidisciplinary model enables us to bring our
and social inequities.The reverberations from their most complex challenges, and serving the
purpose to life and deliver significant impact for
each of these forces can be felt around the public interest by delivering on the growing
our stakeholders: Deloitte clients value the
world and across business, industry, and
breadth of capabilities, our people value the
society.

Building better futures | 4
market demand for climate, energy, nature, founding sponsor of the World Economic Business shapes the world—and we shape
equity, and ESG reporting services and Forum’s Centre for Trustworthy Technology, business
solutions. For example, ourSustainability & helping toexpand the equitable opportunities
Deloitte has a deep history of helping business,
Climate practice has helped organizations of a tech-savvy world.
government, and society adapt to technological
accelerate their sustainability journeys, while we
and social changes, as well as shaping the
have continued to make meaningful progress Measuring and reporting on our impact
contribution that businesses make to society.
on our WorldClimateambition, advancing our
With stakeholders continuing to demand That is at the heart of what our organization has
own progress toward science-based net-zero
greater impact, accountability, and transparency been doing for 178 years. Working together, we
with near-term 2030 goals. We are leveraging
from business, we have set ambitious goals for can help advance equitable and sustainable
our bold investments in AI, data, cloud, and
what is most important to Deloitte. We progress and shared prosperity around the
cyber to deliver innovative and advanced
rigorously measure—and report on—our world.
technology solutions. And we have advised
impact across business, environmental, social,
organizations on redesigning the talent
and governance priorities. Measuring our
experience, including adapting diversity, equity,
impact helps us keep transforming to meet the
and inclusion strategies for a workplace that’s
ever-changing challenges that face our world.
both physicaland virtual, while helping ensure
our own people have the support, As an organization that serves as a trusted
opportunities, and inclusive culture they need to auditor and adviser to leading companies, we
thrive. understand the value of external assurance.
That’s why, starting with FY2023, selected
Building a more equitable global society environmental data in this report has been
subject to independent limited assurance. As
We draw on these same business strengths to
the assured data illustrates, our organization is
help power progress in society, tackling systemic
progressing on our journey toward a more
barriers to sustainability,equity, and shared
sustainable future.
prosperity through our WorldImpactagenda. To
help foster a more equitable society, we
announced a US$3 billion global societal impact Joe Ucuzoglu Anna Marks
Deloitte Global CEO Deloitte Global Chair
commitment, which complements our
WorldClassambition to impact 100 million
people with education and career-building
opportunities by 2030. We are proud to be a

Business
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 5]
Business BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 6
Total revenue
Notes
Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 6]
Building better futures | 6 Total revenue Notes Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 7
Revenue by business
Notes
Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
Due to rounding, sum of revenue by business may not equal total.
“Legal” (above) means the legal practices of member firms or their related entities that provide legal services. For legal and
regulatory reasons, not all member firms provide legal services.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 7]
Building better futures | 7 Revenue by business Notes Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Due to rounding, sum of revenue by business may not equal total. “Legal” (above) means the legal practices of member firms or their related entities that provide legal services. For legal and regulatory reasons, not all member firms provide legal services. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 8
Revenue by industry
Notes
Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
Due to rounding, sum of revenue by industry may not equal total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 8]
Building better futures | 8 Revenue by industry Notes Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Due to rounding, sum of revenue by industry may not equal total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 9
Revenue by region
Notes
Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across Deloitte member firms in the relevant region. Due to
rounding, sum of revenue by region may not equal total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 9]
Building better futures | 9 Revenue by region Notes Revenue figures are in US$ billion. Figures are aggregated across Deloitte member firms in the relevant region. Due to rounding, sum of revenue by region may not equal total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 10
Business
Times of global challenges and rapid
advances in technology are naturally also
times of uncertainty. The climate crisis,
economic and geopolitical shifts, generative
artificial intelligence (AI), and other
disruptive innovations—there’s a long list of
complicated matters on today’s corporate
agenda.
And change is often not simple or comfortable,
especially as the transformative developments
impacting the business landscape mean that
organizations should transform the way they do
business too.
In this dynamic environment, Deloitte helps clients
chart a clear path forward, delivers deep insights, and
enables trust in the capital markets. We make an
impact that matters by bringing together Deloitte’s
multidisciplinary capabilities, global resources,
extensive industry experience, market knowledge, and
innovative technologies to help solve companies’ most
complex business challenges and position them to
thrive amid disruption.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 10]
Building better futures | 10 Business Times of global challenges and rapid advances in technology are naturally also times of uncertainty. The climate crisis, economic and geopolitical shifts, generative artificial intelligence (AI), and other disruptive innovations—there’s a long list of complicated matters on today’s corporate agenda. And change is often not simple or comfortable, especially as the transformative developments impacting the business landscape mean that organizations should transform the way they do business too. In this dynamic environment, Deloitte helps clients chart a clear path forward, delivers deep insights, and enables trust in the capital markets. We make an impact that matters by bringing together Deloitte’s multidisciplinary capabilities, global resources, extensive industry experience, market knowledge, and innovative technologies to help solve companies’ most complex business challenges and position them to thrive amid disruption. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 11
Powering meaningful, measurable climate a systematic, purposeful way through
action GreenSpace Tech,also launched this year.
Tackling the climate crisis requires sophisticated Technology solutions are instrumental in the
solutions and each of us has a role to play, fight against climate change, helping businesses
including business. Over the past year, Deloitte’s cut through immense amounts of data and
Sustainability & Climate practice has worked information, so that they can feel confident in
with companies spanning industries and their ability to take concrete steps to move from
geographies to turn their climate aspirations strategy to action.
into climate action. As global business leaders
Deloitte teams helped clients position
reevaluate their framework for value creation,
themselves to become sustainability leaders,
with an emphasis on sustainability and a
shape climate-conscious paths to growth, and
broader set of stakeholders, we introduced
make an impact for both people and the planet.
Deloitte’sSustainable Value MapTM, designed to
They developed policy and measurement
expand perspectives on how an organization’s
frameworks to assist clients as they transition
value can be defined and improved in a
their organizations to net-zero, helped
sustainable world.
empower Indigenous leaders through listening
Teams from across Deloitte businesses have and co-investment in solutions, and helped
helped drive meaningful advances in clients’ combat illegal wildlife trade. We also launched
climate-led transformations—from embedding the first-of-its-kind Infrastructure for Good
sustainability into their strategies and global barometer with The Economist. And as
operations, to measuring and reporting on their Deloitte clients respond to the ever-evolving
progress. For example, Deloitte practitioners market demands and environmental, social, and
guided companies in developing actionable governance (ESG) reporting requirements, we
paths to net-zero through Deloitte’s GreenLight delivered a broad range of ESG services,
Solution decarbonization tool, launched in 2023. including materiality and gap readiness
They helped companies accelerate assessment, disclosure preparation, and limited
decarbonization and value creation by bringing or reasonable assurance.
together climate technology ecosystems in
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 11]
Building better futures | 11 Powering meaningful, measurable climate a systematic, purposeful way through action GreenSpace Tech,also launched this year. Tackling the climate crisis requires sophisticated Technology solutions are instrumental in the solutions and each of us has a role to play, fight against climate change, helping businesses including business. Over the past year, Deloitte’s cut through immense amounts of data and Sustainability & Climate practice has worked information, so that they can feel confident in with companies spanning industries and their ability to take concrete steps to move from geographies to turn their climate aspirations strategy to action. into climate action. As global business leaders Deloitte teams helped clients position reevaluate their framework for value creation, themselves to become sustainability leaders, with an emphasis on sustainability and a shape climate-conscious paths to growth, and broader set of stakeholders, we introduced make an impact for both people and the planet. Deloitte’sSustainable Value MapTM, designed to They developed policy and measurement expand perspectives on how an organization’s frameworks to assist clients as they transition value can be defined and improved in a their organizations to net-zero, helped sustainable world. empower Indigenous leaders through listening Teams from across Deloitte businesses have and co-investment in solutions, and helped helped drive meaningful advances in clients’ combat illegal wildlife trade. We also launched climate-led transformations—from embedding the first-of-its-kind Infrastructure for Good sustainability into their strategies and global barometer with The Economist. And as operations, to measuring and reporting on their Deloitte clients respond to the ever-evolving progress. For example, Deloitte practitioners market demands and environmental, social, and guided companies in developing actionable governance (ESG) reporting requirements, we paths to net-zero through Deloitte’s GreenLight delivered a broad range of ESG services, Solution decarbonization tool, launched in 2023. including materiality and gap readiness They helped companies accelerate assessment, disclosure preparation, and limited decarbonization and value creation by bringing or reasonable assurance. together climate technology ecosystems in BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 12
Navigating digital disruption and incorporate generative AI into Deloitte platforms continued to expandour Operateservices,
transformation to help optimize the way that services are helping organizations transform and advance
delivered cross-business. critical business functions to increase
As the pace of digital transformation continues
operational efficiency, add value, and embed
to accelerate, recent disrupters may soon find In guiding Deloitte clients through these times
continuous advantage into their operations.
themselves facing the drivers of disruption too. of change, we draw on our strong ecosystem of
Deloitte’s Operate delivery networks include
Wherever they fall on that spectrum, businesses alliances with many of the world’s leading
more than 50,000 practitioners, many working
should carefully navigate the powerful pull of technology providers. During the past year,
from multi-language delivery centers around the
technological change. According to Monitor Deloitte also established alliances with a
world.
Deloitte’s report,Unleashing value from digital number of emerging innovative tech companies.
transformation: Paths and pitfalls, the From cloud migration to digital transformation, With an appropriate mix of globally and locally
appropriate combination of digital and AI-driven change to workforce reinvention, available and scalable domain and industry
transformation actions could unlock as much as the combined power of our alliance talent, technology, and transformation
US$1.25 trillion in additional market relationships helps enable us to deliver experience, Deloitte has helped clients tackle
capitalization across Fortune 500 companies. solutions that add value at each stage of a some of their toughest challenges in critical
client’s journey. areas of business, such as cybersecurity, tax,
Deloitte practices have made bold investments
and risk. For instance, Operate teams have
in digital capabilities over the past year, enabling As we work in this complicated, quickly changing
helped clients respond to ransomware attacks
Deloitte practitioners to help their clients landscape, we are guided by our organization’s
and provide 24/7 cybersecurity monitoring,
address challenges and make the most of Ethical Technology Principles, which were
deliver ongoing efficiencies to streamline
opportunities raised by disruptive technologies developed to help ensure Deloitte's creation
regulatory filings using AI-enabled platforms,
such as generative AI, 5G, quantum computing, and use of technology is trustworthy.
and continually monitor multi-tier global
spatial computing, and the metaverse. For
supplier networks for potential disruptions while
example, Deloitte US launched Unlimited Reality Embedding continuous advantage
driving strategies to prevent them.
to guide client journeys into the era of spatial
Widespread digitalization and ever-changing
computing, creating their own metaverse
disruptive technologies—along with evolving
solutions to help simulate the future of
regulatory and risk requirements, talent
business, as well as a Generative AI practice to
shortages, and the need for increasingly
advise them on exponentially enhancing
specialized skill sets—can create operational
productivity and accelerating the pace of
challenges. Over the past year, Deloitte
business innovation. Deloitte is also working to
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 12]
Building better futures | 12 Navigating digital disruption and incorporate generative AI into Deloitte platforms continued to expandour Operateservices, transformation to help optimize the way that services are helping organizations transform and advance delivered cross-business. critical business functions to increase As the pace of digital transformation continues operational efficiency, add value, and embed to accelerate, recent disrupters may soon find In guiding Deloitte clients through these times continuous advantage into their operations. themselves facing the drivers of disruption too. of change, we draw on our strong ecosystem of Deloitte’s Operate delivery networks include Wherever they fall on that spectrum, businesses alliances with many of the world’s leading more than 50,000 practitioners, many working should carefully navigate the powerful pull of technology providers. During the past year, from multi-language delivery centers around the technological change. According to Monitor Deloitte also established alliances with a world. Deloitte’s report,Unleashing value from digital number of emerging innovative tech companies. transformation: Paths and pitfalls, the From cloud migration to digital transformation, With an appropriate mix of globally and locally appropriate combination of digital and AI-driven change to workforce reinvention, available and scalable domain and industry transformation actions could unlock as much as the combined power of our alliance talent, technology, and transformation US$1.25 trillion in additional market relationships helps enable us to deliver experience, Deloitte has helped clients tackle capitalization across Fortune 500 companies. solutions that add value at each stage of a some of their toughest challenges in critical client’s journey. areas of business, such as cybersecurity, tax, Deloitte practices have made bold investments and risk. For instance, Operate teams have in digital capabilities over the past year, enabling As we work in this complicated, quickly changing helped clients respond to ransomware attacks Deloitte practitioners to help their clients landscape, we are guided by our organization’s and provide 24/7 cybersecurity monitoring, address challenges and make the most of Ethical Technology Principles, which were deliver ongoing efficiencies to streamline opportunities raised by disruptive technologies developed to help ensure Deloitte's creation regulatory filings using AI-enabled platforms, such as generative AI, 5G, quantum computing, and use of technology is trustworthy. and continually monitor multi-tier global spatial computing, and the metaverse. For supplier networks for potential disruptions while example, Deloitte US launched Unlimited Reality Embedding continuous advantage driving strategies to prevent them. to guide client journeys into the era of spatial Widespread digitalization and ever-changing computing, creating their own metaverse disruptive technologies—along with evolving solutions to help simulate the future of regulatory and risk requirements, talent business, as well as a Generative AI practice to shortages, and the need for increasingly advise them on exponentially enhancing specialized skill sets—can create operational productivity and accelerating the pace of challenges. Over the past year, Deloitte business innovation. Deloitte is also working to BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 13
Building and protecting value and trust together experienced practitioners, processes,
and market-leading technology to deliver 24/7
In this complex and constantly changing
vigilance globally for Deloitte clients. For
environment, Deloitte Financial Advisory
companies operating in industries that are
practitioners acted as trusted advisers for more
addressing the accelerated transition to the
than 20,000 clients, helping them create and
digitalization of their businesses, we can help
preserve value. Our Mergers and Acquisitions
create a structured approach to their own
(M&A) services continue to be integral to
controls journey in what is often an overly
companies’ responses to market volatility and
complex environment.
uncertainty, and our Turnaround &
Restructuring specialists helped companies As a leader in quality, Deloitte Audit &
navigate banking industry turbulence and wisely Assurance remains committed to our vital role
use cash reserves and debt markets. Our in financial reporting, upholding integrity,
Forensic practice worked with public and private independence, and transparency across
sector organizations to help address global 180,000+ engagements worldwide. We have
financial crime; navigate fraud, waste, and won multiple awards for our leading-edge
matters of abuse; and use digital and AI technology and innovative culture. Deloitte
solutions to manage the risk of malfeasance Omnia’s ESG module was named Digital
more effectively. Innovation of the Year by International
Accounting Bulletinand received top honors in
With our deep portfolio of offerings, Deloitte’s
the “Product” category at the International
Risk Advisory practice continued to provide
Innovation Awards by Enterprise Asia. Deloitte
forward-looking, integrated capabilities around
Audit & Assurance practitioners have also
client concerns. For example, with cyberthreats
supported non-audit organizations as they
becoming more frequent and sophisticated in
navigate the changing landscape of stakeholder
nature, our cybersecurity services are designed
needs for more holistic reporting that will tell
to help enable the success of Deloitte clients,
the story of their business model resilience and
equipping them to operate securely and grow
broader societal objectives.
with confidence. With our latest Cyber
offerings—Managed Extended Detection and
Response andDigital Identity—we bring
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 13]
Building better futures | 13 Building and protecting value and trust together experienced practitioners, processes, and market-leading technology to deliver 24/7 In this complex and constantly changing vigilance globally for Deloitte clients. For environment, Deloitte Financial Advisory companies operating in industries that are practitioners acted as trusted advisers for more addressing the accelerated transition to the than 20,000 clients, helping them create and digitalization of their businesses, we can help preserve value. Our Mergers and Acquisitions create a structured approach to their own (M&A) services continue to be integral to controls journey in what is often an overly companies’ responses to market volatility and complex environment. uncertainty, and our Turnaround & Restructuring specialists helped companies As a leader in quality, Deloitte Audit & navigate banking industry turbulence and wisely Assurance remains committed to our vital role use cash reserves and debt markets. Our in financial reporting, upholding integrity, Forensic practice worked with public and private independence, and transparency across sector organizations to help address global 180,000+ engagements worldwide. We have financial crime; navigate fraud, waste, and won multiple awards for our leading-edge matters of abuse; and use digital and AI technology and innovative culture. Deloitte solutions to manage the risk of malfeasance Omnia’s ESG module was named Digital more effectively. Innovation of the Year by International Accounting Bulletinand received top honors in With our deep portfolio of offerings, Deloitte’s the “Product” category at the International Risk Advisory practice continued to provide Innovation Awards by Enterprise Asia. Deloitte forward-looking, integrated capabilities around Audit & Assurance practitioners have also client concerns. For example, with cyberthreats supported non-audit organizations as they becoming more frequent and sophisticated in navigate the changing landscape of stakeholder nature, our cybersecurity services are designed needs for more holistic reporting that will tell to help enable the success of Deloitte clients, the story of their business model resilience and equipping them to operate securely and grow broader societal objectives. with confidence. With our latest Cyber offerings—Managed Extended Detection and Response andDigital Identity—we bring BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 14
Advancing in a shifting landscape Increasing regulatory, business model, and
environmental change has driven demand for
Taxation impacts many of the most important
Deloitte Legal services. For example, Deloitte
matters facing society, such as action on climate
Legal practices continued to work with clients
change, policies to tame inflation, and longeron workforce policies to accommodate the now
term global economic strategy. The acceleration
permanent reality of remote and hybrid
of new business models is also challenging the
working, as well as navigate employment laws
tax function in a business in fundamental ways
that could affect workers’ rights and well-being,
and driving demand to transform tax operating
in an environment where attracting and
models.
retaining talent has been challenging.
Deloitte’s Tax practices helped clients anticipate
The digitalization of many aspects of work has
their needs and navigate the shifting business,
also ushered in a host of legal complexities,
regulatory, and economic landscape. Among
requiring legal considerations to be embedded
these shifts are the Organization for Economic
in the inner workings of a business. The rapid
Co-operation and Development’s (OECD's) twoadvancement of generative AI has given rise to
pillar approach to tax challenges arising from
numerous legal complexities that Deloitte is
the digital economy, as well as the digitalization
helping clients to navigate, drawing on Deloitte
of tax authorities, which is driving demand for
Consulting practitioners’ deep technical
transparency and technology solutions. Clients
knowledge and Deloitte Legal's capabilities. As
are also seeking increased support of the
digital transformation becomes increasingly
finance function, M&A activity, and supply chain
central to business strategy, we continue to help
reconfigurations. Deloitte Tax practitioners
clients transform their legal departments’
helped organizations address these
operating models with the aim of improving the
developments, including major implications for
accuracy and speed of processes, gain cost
data quality and access, with advanced tools
efficiencies, and uncover new insights using
that automate processes, speed response
advanced analytics, particularly in managing
times, and improve accuracy.
contract life cycles, collaborating with advisers in
real time, and automating routine tasks.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 14]
Building better futures | 14 Advancing in a shifting landscape Increasing regulatory, business model, and environmental change has driven demand for Taxation impacts many of the most important Deloitte Legal services. For example, Deloitte matters facing society, such as action on climate Legal practices continued to work with clients change, policies to tame inflation, and longer- on workforce policies to accommodate the now term global economic strategy. The acceleration permanent reality of remote and hybrid of new business models is also challenging the working, as well as navigate employment laws tax function in a business in fundamental ways that could affect workers’ rights and well-being, and driving demand to transform tax operating in an environment where attracting and models. retaining talent has been challenging. Deloitte’s Tax practices helped clients anticipate The digitalization of many aspects of work has their needs and navigate the shifting business, also ushered in a host of legal complexities, regulatory, and economic landscape. Among requiring legal considerations to be embedded these shifts are the Organization for Economic in the inner workings of a business. The rapid Co-operation and Development’s (OECD's) two- advancement of generative AI has given rise to pillar approach to tax challenges arising from numerous legal complexities that Deloitte is the digital economy, as well as the digitalization helping clients to navigate, drawing on Deloitte of tax authorities, which is driving demand for Consulting practitioners’ deep technical transparency and technology solutions. Clients knowledge and Deloitte Legal's capabilities. As are also seeking increased support of the digital transformation becomes increasingly finance function, M&A activity, and supply chain central to business strategy, we continue to help reconfigurations. Deloitte Tax practitioners clients transform their legal departments’ helped organizations address these operating models with the aim of improving the developments, including major implications for accuracy and speed of processes, gain cost data quality and access, with advanced tools efficiencies, and uncover new insights using that automate processes, speed response advanced analytics, particularly in managing times, and improve accuracy. contract life cycles, collaborating with advisers in real time, and automating routine tasks. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 15
Artificial intelligence and innovation
Over the past year, Deloitte innovation Generative AI The US Generative AI practice works in
focused on investments across several conjunction with the Deloitte AI Institute, which
The emergence and rapid advancement of
supports the responsible growth and
thematic areas and businesses. generative artificial intelligence (AI) has unlocked
development of AI through engaged
a host of new marketplace applications and a
conversations and market perspectives globally.
surge of productivity growth, and Deloitte is well
Deloitte practitioners help clients activate a wide
positioned to help clients capture these new
range of generative AI use cases and deploy
opportunities.
transformative new applications that have the
In 2023, Deloitte US launched a Generative AI potential to enhance productivity, amplify
practice to help clients harness the power of creativity, and accelerate the pace of business
applied AI and discover ways to exponentially innovation. As generative AI evolves, ethical,
enhance productivity and accelerate the pace of legal, and policy considerations are emerging to
business innovation. Deloitte practitioners guide support and protect organizations and their
clients in designing their generative AI strategies users and drive their success. Deloitte is
and help them plan, build, implement, and committed to the safe and responsible use of
operationalize solutions built on the leading generative AI, guided by our Trustworthy AITM
foundation models. At the core of the US framework, which helps clients develop
practice is a generative AI market incubator with necessary safeguards and balance competing
a dedicated team of engineers focused on the ethical priorities during product development
development of generative AI pilot programs, and operation.
demos and proofs of concept, and leading
practices. The incubator is also supported by a
research and development team working
alongside leading technology providers in
Deloitte US alliance relationships to train and
calibrate foundation models, with a focus on
mitigating bias and increasing quality of results
throughout the life cycle.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 15]
Building better futures | 15 Artificial intelligence and innovation Over the past year, Deloitte innovation Generative AI The US Generative AI practice works in focused on investments across several conjunction with the Deloitte AI Institute, which The emergence and rapid advancement of supports the responsible growth and thematic areas and businesses. generative artificial intelligence (AI) has unlocked development of AI through engaged a host of new marketplace applications and a conversations and market perspectives globally. surge of productivity growth, and Deloitte is well Deloitte practitioners help clients activate a wide positioned to help clients capture these new range of generative AI use cases and deploy opportunities. transformative new applications that have the In 2023, Deloitte US launched a Generative AI potential to enhance productivity, amplify practice to help clients harness the power of creativity, and accelerate the pace of business applied AI and discover ways to exponentially innovation. As generative AI evolves, ethical, enhance productivity and accelerate the pace of legal, and policy considerations are emerging to business innovation. Deloitte practitioners guide support and protect organizations and their clients in designing their generative AI strategies users and drive their success. Deloitte is and help them plan, build, implement, and committed to the safe and responsible use of operationalize solutions built on the leading generative AI, guided by our Trustworthy AITM foundation models. At the core of the US framework, which helps clients develop practice is a generative AI market incubator with necessary safeguards and balance competing a dedicated team of engineers focused on the ethical priorities during product development development of generative AI pilot programs, and operation. demos and proofs of concept, and leading practices. The incubator is also supported by a research and development team working alongside leading technology providers in Deloitte US alliance relationships to train and calibrate foundation models, with a focus on mitigating bias and increasing quality of results throughout the life cycle. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 16
Total M&A solution a significant impact on tax operations, as they Deloitte Omnia, our digital audit platform,
change many aspects of how global businesses enables Deloitte audit practitioners to execute
Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) are more than
are taxed—and in turn, their data requirements, their audits digitally while maintaining highjust a chance to execute a disruptive business
calculation, and reporting demands. To comply, quality audit standards and meeting deadlines.
strategy. They can be game-changing moments
businesses should coordinate end-to-end tax,
with opportunities to blaze a bold new trail and Additionally, Deloitte has developed an ESG
finance, IT, and legal inputs. This includes having
create a positive impact, both in business and module for Deloitte Omnia: a structured
access to the right data at the right level of
on society. Throughout the M&A life cycle, framework powered by AI that addresses
detail, evaluating existing technology, generating
Deloitte’s Total M&A Solution provides cognitive multiple standards, disclosure frameworks, and
calculations, preparing and training resources,
enablers and accelerators to bring the power of rising regulator expectations. Omnia’s ESG
and managing stakeholder expectations.
automation, analytics, and machine learning to module was named Digital Innovation of the
M&A transactions. The integrated set of Deloitte has developed technology to help Year by the International Accounting Bulletinin
innovative technologies offers M&A solutions multinational businesses plan for and comply 2022.
that can be tailored to each client’s transaction with these complex new rules. The Deloitte Pillar
journey—and helps map the path ahead. As a Two Compliance and Reporting solution will Clare Harding
result, Deloitte practitioners can provide in-tune help enable Deloitte practitioners and clients to Deloitte Global Innovation Officer
clharding@deloitte.com.au
M&A advice by accessing deeper insights earlier, collaborate on and manage the end-to-end safe
handling deal complexities, anticipating what’s harbor, forecast/provision, and compliance
around the next curve, and effectively preparing process. It will also provide comprehensive data
organizations for change. transformation and import capabilities, and
distributed data collection, to help ensure
Pillar Two Compliance and Reporting clients can collect the information needed for
solution the Pillar Two process and return.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation
Deloitte Omnia digital audit platform
and Development’s (OECD’s) Pillar Two model
rules require that in-scope multinational Deloitte Audit & Assurance practices continue to
companies pay a minimum level of tax on invest to transform our audit services to be
income arising in the jurisdictions where they highly responsive to organizations’ evolving
operate. These rules are likely to have needs in the dynamic regulatory landscape.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 16]
Building better futures | 16 Total M&A solution a significant impact on tax operations, as they Deloitte Omnia, our digital audit platform, change many aspects of how global businesses enables Deloitte audit practitioners to execute Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) are more than are taxed—and in turn, their data requirements, their audits digitally while maintaining high- just a chance to execute a disruptive business calculation, and reporting demands. To comply, quality audit standards and meeting deadlines. strategy. They can be game-changing moments businesses should coordinate end-to-end tax, with opportunities to blaze a bold new trail and Additionally, Deloitte has developed an ESG finance, IT, and legal inputs. This includes having create a positive impact, both in business and module for Deloitte Omnia: a structured access to the right data at the right level of on society. Throughout the M&A life cycle, framework powered by AI that addresses detail, evaluating existing technology, generating Deloitte’s Total M&A Solution provides cognitive multiple standards, disclosure frameworks, and calculations, preparing and training resources, enablers and accelerators to bring the power of rising regulator expectations. Omnia’s ESG and managing stakeholder expectations. automation, analytics, and machine learning to module was named Digital Innovation of the M&A transactions. The integrated set of Deloitte has developed technology to help Year by the International Accounting Bulletinin innovative technologies offers M&A solutions multinational businesses plan for and comply 2022. that can be tailored to each client’s transaction with these complex new rules. The Deloitte Pillar journey—and helps map the path ahead. As a Two Compliance and Reporting solution will Clare Harding result, Deloitte practitioners can provide in-tune help enable Deloitte practitioners and clients to Deloitte Global Innovation Officer clharding@deloitte.com.au M&A advice by accessing deeper insights earlier, collaborate on and manage the end-to-end safe handling deal complexities, anticipating what’s harbor, forecast/provision, and compliance around the next curve, and effectively preparing process. It will also provide comprehensive data organizations for change. transformation and import capabilities, and distributed data collection, to help ensure Pillar Two Compliance and Reporting clients can collect the information needed for solution the Pillar Two process and return. The Organization for Economic Co-operation Deloitte Omnia digital audit platform and Development’s (OECD’s) Pillar Two model rules require that in-scope multinational Deloitte Audit & Assurance practices continue to companies pay a minimum level of tax on invest to transform our audit services to be income arising in the jurisdictions where they highly responsive to organizations’ evolving operate. These rules are likely to have needs in the dynamic regulatory landscape. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 17
Deloitte core services
Audit & Assurance Risk Advisory
Audit Services Accounting & Internal Controls
Assurance Services Cyber & Strategic Risk
Regulatory & Legal Support
Consulting
Strategy, Analytics, and M&A Tax & Legal
Customer & Marketing Tax Services for Businesses
Core Business Operations Global Employer Services
Human Capital High Net Worth Tax Services
Enterprise Technology & Performance Legal
Financial Advisory
Corporate Finance, M&A, and Restructuring
& Performance Improvement
Valuation, Modeling, and Economic Advisory
Infrastructure, Real Estate, and Climate &
Sustainability
Forensic, Financial Crime, and Discovery &
Data Management
Notes
The above list of services is a representative sampling of Deloitte business capabilities. Deloitte offers many
services, not all of which are available from every Deloitte firm and not all of which are permissible for
audit clients under various professional and regulatory standards.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 17]
Building better futures | 17 Deloitte core services Audit & Assurance Risk Advisory Audit Services Accounting & Internal Controls Assurance Services Cyber & Strategic Risk Regulatory & Legal Support Consulting Strategy, Analytics, and M&A Tax & Legal Customer & Marketing Tax Services for Businesses Core Business Operations Global Employer Services Human Capital High Net Worth Tax Services Enterprise Technology & Performance Legal Financial Advisory Corporate Finance, M&A, and Restructuring & Performance Improvement Valuation, Modeling, and Economic Advisory Infrastructure, Real Estate, and Climate & Sustainability Forensic, Financial Crime, and Discovery & Data Management Notes The above list of services is a representative sampling of Deloitte business capabilities. Deloitte offers many services, not all of which are available from every Deloitte firm and not all of which are permissible for audit clients under various professional and regulatory standards. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 18
Locations
Geographies with at least one Deloitte office in operation during FY2023 are listed below. These are listed
for ease in identifying locations where Deloitte has a presence. They are not intended as statements on
political sovereignty.
Please visit www.deloitte.com/GlobalOfficeDirectory and contact an office near you to inquire about Deloitte
capabilities to provide services in locations not listed below.
Albania Botswana Cyprus Guatemala
Algeria Brazil Czech Republic Honduras
Andorra British Virgin Islands Denmark Hungary
Angola Brunei Darussalam Dominican Republic Iceland
Argentina Bulgaria Ecuador India
Armenia Cambodia Egypt Indonesia
Aruba Cameroon El Salvador Iraq
Australia Canada Equatorial Guinea Ireland
Austria Cayman Islands Estonia Isle of Man
Azerbaijan Chad Finland Israel
Bahamas Channel Islands (Jersey and France Italy
Guernsey)
Bahrain Gabon Ivory Coast
Bangladesh Chile Georgia Japan
Barbados China Germany Jamaica
Belgium Colombia Ghana Jordan
Benin Congo (Brazzaville) Gibraltar Kazakhstan
Bermuda Congo (Democratic Republic of) Greece Kenya
Bolivia Costa Rica Greenland Korea (Republic of)
Bosnia-Herzegovina Croatia Guam Kosovo
Curaçao
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 18]
Building better futures | 18 Locations Geographies with at least one Deloitte office in operation during FY2023 are listed below. These are listed for ease in identifying locations where Deloitte has a presence. They are not intended as statements on political sovereignty. Please visit www.deloitte.com/GlobalOfficeDirectory and contact an office near you to inquire about Deloitte capabilities to provide services in locations not listed below. Albania Botswana Cyprus Guatemala Algeria Brazil Czech Republic Honduras Andorra British Virgin Islands Denmark Hungary Angola Brunei Darussalam Dominican Republic Iceland Argentina Bulgaria Ecuador India Armenia Cambodia Egypt Indonesia Aruba Cameroon El Salvador Iraq Australia Canada Equatorial Guinea Ireland Austria Cayman Islands Estonia Isle of Man Azerbaijan Chad Finland Israel Bahamas Channel Islands (Jersey and France Italy Guernsey) Bahrain Gabon Ivory Coast Bangladesh Chile Georgia Japan Barbados China Germany Jamaica Belgium Colombia Ghana Jordan Benin Congo (Brazzaville) Gibraltar Kazakhstan Bermuda Congo (Democratic Republic of) Greece Kenya Bolivia Costa Rica Greenland Korea (Republic of) Bosnia-Herzegovina Croatia Guam Kosovo Curaçao BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 19
Kuwait Mozambique Portugal Trinidad and Tobago
Kyrgyzstan Myanmar Puerto Rico Tunisia
Lao PDR Namibia Qatar Turkey
Latvia Netherlands Romania Turkmenistan
Lebanon New Zealand Saudi Arabia Uganda
Liechtenstein Nicaragua Senegal Ukraine
Lithuania Nigeria Serbia (Republic of) United Arab Emirates
Luxembourg North Macedonia (Republic of) Singapore United Kingdom of Great
Malawi Northern Mariana Islands Slovak Republic Britain and Northern Ireland
Malaysia Norway Slovenia United States
Malta Oman South Africa Uruguay
Marshall Islands Palau Spain Uzbekistan
Mauritius Palestinian Territories Sri Lanka Venezuela
Mexico Panama Sweden Vietnam
Micronesia (Federated States of) Papua New Guinea Switzerland Yemen
Moldova (Republic of) Paraguay Taiwan (China) Zambia
Monaco Peru Tanzania (United Republic of) Zimbabwe
Montenegro Philippines Thailand
Morocco Poland Togo
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 19]
Building better futures | 19 Kuwait Mozambique Portugal Trinidad and Tobago Kyrgyzstan Myanmar Puerto Rico Tunisia Lao PDR Namibia Qatar Turkey Latvia Netherlands Romania Turkmenistan Lebanon New Zealand Saudi Arabia Uganda Liechtenstein Nicaragua Senegal Ukraine Lithuania Nigeria Serbia (Republic of) United Arab Emirates Luxembourg North Macedonia (Republic of) Singapore United Kingdom of Great Malawi Northern Mariana Islands Slovak Republic Britain and Northern Ireland Malaysia Norway Slovenia United States Malta Oman South Africa Uruguay Marshall Islands Palau Spain Uzbekistan Mauritius Palestinian Territories Sri Lanka Venezuela Mexico Panama Sweden Vietnam Micronesia (Federated States of) Papua New Guinea Switzerland Yemen Moldova (Republic of) Paraguay Taiwan (China) Zambia Monaco Peru Tanzania (United Republic of) Zimbabwe Montenegro Philippines Thailand Morocco Poland Togo BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Environmental
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 20]
Environmental BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 21
WorldClimate
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 21]
Building better futures | 21 WorldClimate BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 22
Commitment to science-based net-zero with 2030 goals
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 22]
Building better futures | 22 Commitment to science-based net-zero with 2030 goals BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 23
Renewable electricity consumption
Notes
Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Where possible, Deloitte firms procure and claim renewable energy inaccordance with the Climate Group’s RE100 Technical
Criteria and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) topic standard GRI 302: Energy 2016. In certain markets where procuring renewableelectricity is challenging or is not possible, Deloitte firms
may procure renewable electricity from a neighboring country. This allows Deloitte to demonstrate commitment to our renewableelectricity target and signal market demand.
As this approach meets only one out of three market boundary conditions included in the RE100 Technical Criteria, there may be variances between renewable electricity amounts
reported in the Global Impact Report and within RE100 reports. Deloitte anticipates increasing the alignment with RE100 Technical Criteria over time as market availability of renewable
energy increases.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 23]
Building better futures | 23 Renewable electricity consumption Notes Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Where possible, Deloitte firms procure and claim renewable energy inaccordance with the Climate Group’s RE100 Technical Criteria and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) topic standard GRI 302: Energy 2016. In certain markets where procuring renewableelectricity is challenging or is not possible, Deloitte firms may procure renewable electricity from a neighboring country. This allows Deloitte to demonstrate commitment to our renewableelectricity target and signal market demand. As this approach meets only one out of three market boundary conditions included in the RE100 Technical Criteria, there may be variances between renewable electricity amounts reported in the Global Impact Report and within RE100 reports. Deloitte anticipates increasing the alignment with RE100 Technical Criteria over time as market availability of renewable energy increases. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 24
Electric fleet
Notes
Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 24]
Building better futures | 24 Electric fleet Notes Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 25
Greenhouse gas emissions by scope
Notes
Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. In FY2023, Deloitte revised the methodology for calculating purchased goods and services (PG&S) emissions. For comparability,
this change in methodology has been retroactively applied to previously reported PG&S amounts, which has resulted in a recalculation and restatement of PG&S amounts and emissions
totals for the base year and all the previous years’ data shown in this report. Additional details on this restatement are provided in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Basis of Reporting.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 25]
Building better futures | 25 Greenhouse gas emissions by scope Notes Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. In FY2023, Deloitte revised the methodology for calculating purchased goods and services (PG&S) emissions. For comparability, this change in methodology has been retroactively applied to previously reported PG&S amounts, which has resulted in a recalculation and restatement of PG&S amounts and emissions totals for the base year and all the previous years’ data shown in this report. Additional details on this restatement are provided in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Basis of Reporting. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 26
Environmental
From droughts and wildfires to
hurricanes and flooding,
extreme weather events are
becoming more frequent and
severe, and the climate crisis
has emerged as one of the
defining challenges of our time.
But over the past year, we have also been
reminded how big challenges can inspire
tremendous human ingenuity and creative
solutions. Organizations committed to climate
action are taking significant steps to bring
their commitments to life, even in the face of
economic headwinds and an energy crisis.
Deloitte is helping to lead the way toward a
lower-carbon future by advising clients on
their sustainability journeys, as well as
through our own meaningful, measurable
actions. We are also extending our impact by
empowering our 457,000 people around the
world, influencing our suppliers and engaging
across the broader ecosystem.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 26]
Building better futures | 26 Environmental From droughts and wildfires to hurricanes and flooding, extreme weather events are becoming more frequent and severe, and the climate crisis has emerged as one of the defining challenges of our time. But over the past year, we have also been reminded how big challenges can inspire tremendous human ingenuity and creative solutions. Organizations committed to climate action are taking significant steps to bring their commitments to life, even in the face of economic headwinds and an energy crisis. Deloitte is helping to lead the way toward a lower-carbon future by advising clients on their sustainability journeys, as well as through our own meaningful, measurable actions. We are also extending our impact by empowering our 457,000 people around the world, influencing our suppliers and engaging across the broader ecosystem. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 27
Helping clients take action GreenSpace Tech helps accelerate facilitate the transition to a low-carbon
decarbonization and value creation by providing economy. Deloitte’s near-term (2030)
Recognizing that business has a critical role to
businesses with access to a robust ecosystem of greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goals have
play—and that, according to Deloitte Global's
climate technologies and innovators to quickly been validated by the Science Based Targets
2023 CxO Sustainability Report, more than 60%
track, develop, and deploy climate tech initiative (SBTi) as 1.5°C-aligned, science-based
of CxOssay climate change will have a high
solutions. targets. Deloitte has also committed to set longimpact on their organization’s strategy and
term emissions reduction targets using the
operations over the next three years—we have In addition, the Deloitte Center for Sustainable
SBTi’s Net Zero Standard.
deepened Deloitte’s collaborations with clients Progresshas published forward-looking
and other organizations to help advance climate research on topics that are top of mind for We are embedding sustainability into processes
action. business leaders. Hydrogen: Making it happen and practices throughout the organization,
outlines the practical solutions needed to kick- including procurement, and measuring
Over the past year, the Deloitte Sustainability &
start the large-scale deployment of clean performance against our goals. For instance,
Climatepractice globally has worked with clients
hydrogen, whileWork toward net zero: The rise Deloitte continues to advance our commitments
from across industries and around the world to
of the Green Collar workforce in a just transition to the three core initiatives of the Climate Group
meaningfully embed sustainability into their
explores the shifts in workforce skills needed to supporting the advancement of renewable
decision-making and operations. By bringing
move rapidly to a lower-carbon economy. electricity (RE100), electric vehicle (EV) adoption
together leading sustainability technology with
(EV100), and energy efficiency/productivity
proven business capabilities, Deloitte is helping
Advancing our own sustainability journey (EP100). In FY2023, 94% of the energy Deloitte
to drive rapid and significant progress on
purchased was renewable energy. Looking
organizations’ climate-led transformations. We work across our global network to advance
across our global network, Deloitte North and
WorldClimate, Deloitte’s environmental
Two innovative offerings, launched earlier this South Europe (Deloitte NSE) has continued to
sustainability ambition. WorldClimateconsists of
year, help make that progress possible. electrify its fleet, 42% of which now consists of
a two-pronged approach: actions we take and
Deloitte’s GreenLight Solution, a modular EVs and plug-in hybrids, while The Ridge,
actions we inspire. Recognizing that collective
system of end-to-end decarbonization software, Deloitte Africa’s Cape Town office, received the
action is required to effectively tackle the
helps enable companies of virtually any size, Gold Award in the “Best Sustainable Designed
climate crisis, Deloitte is committed to taking
maturity, or geography to assess their carbon Commercial Building Globally” category at the
measurable, decisive action on climate change,
footprint and emissions baseline, then develop World Architecture NewsAwards.
empowering Deloitte people and engaging the
a clear, actionable roadmap to net-zero.
broader ecosystem to create solutions that
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 27]
Building better futures | 27 Helping clients take action GreenSpace Tech helps accelerate facilitate the transition to a low-carbon decarbonization and value creation by providing economy. Deloitte’s near-term (2030) Recognizing that business has a critical role to businesses with access to a robust ecosystem of greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goals have play—and that, according to Deloitte Global's climate technologies and innovators to quickly been validated by the Science Based Targets 2023 CxO Sustainability Report, more than 60% track, develop, and deploy climate tech initiative (SBTi) as 1.5°C-aligned, science-based of CxOssay climate change will have a high solutions. targets. Deloitte has also committed to set long- impact on their organization’s strategy and term emissions reduction targets using the operations over the next three years—we have In addition, the Deloitte Center for Sustainable SBTi’s Net Zero Standard. deepened Deloitte’s collaborations with clients Progresshas published forward-looking and other organizations to help advance climate research on topics that are top of mind for We are embedding sustainability into processes action. business leaders. Hydrogen: Making it happen and practices throughout the organization, outlines the practical solutions needed to kick- including procurement, and measuring Over the past year, the Deloitte Sustainability & start the large-scale deployment of clean performance against our goals. For instance, Climatepractice globally has worked with clients hydrogen, whileWork toward net zero: The rise Deloitte continues to advance our commitments from across industries and around the world to of the Green Collar workforce in a just transition to the three core initiatives of the Climate Group meaningfully embed sustainability into their explores the shifts in workforce skills needed to supporting the advancement of renewable decision-making and operations. By bringing move rapidly to a lower-carbon economy. electricity (RE100), electric vehicle (EV) adoption together leading sustainability technology with (EV100), and energy efficiency/productivity proven business capabilities, Deloitte is helping Advancing our own sustainability journey (EP100). In FY2023, 94% of the energy Deloitte to drive rapid and significant progress on purchased was renewable energy. Looking organizations’ climate-led transformations. We work across our global network to advance across our global network, Deloitte North and WorldClimate, Deloitte’s environmental Two innovative offerings, launched earlier this South Europe (Deloitte NSE) has continued to sustainability ambition. WorldClimateconsists of year, help make that progress possible. electrify its fleet, 42% of which now consists of a two-pronged approach: actions we take and Deloitte’s GreenLight Solution, a modular EVs and plug-in hybrids, while The Ridge, actions we inspire. Recognizing that collective system of end-to-end decarbonization software, Deloitte Africa’s Cape Town office, received the action is required to effectively tackle the helps enable companies of virtually any size, Gold Award in the “Best Sustainable Designed climate crisis, Deloitte is committed to taking maturity, or geography to assess their carbon Commercial Building Globally” category at the measurable, decisive action on climate change, footprint and emissions baseline, then develop World Architecture NewsAwards. empowering Deloitte people and engaging the a clear, actionable roadmap to net-zero. broader ecosystem to create solutions that BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 28
As we strive to approach environmental matters which explores how organizations can co-invest corporate perspectives into the standard-setting
holistically, it’s important to also consider our with Indigenous leaders to help bring value to process.
impact on nature and biodiversity. This is a both corporate action on nature and the longThe ISSB issued its first International
critical topic for many companies, who turn to term health of nature.
Sustainability Disclosure Standards, IFRS® S1
us for guidance on developing their nature and
and S2, in June 2023. Deloitte issued a
biodiversity strategies. While our organization’s Measuring and reporting on our progress
statementwelcoming the ISSB Standards’
direct impacts in this area are limited, we are
Clients and other stakeholders are increasingly publication and supporting their adoption
developing a global nature and biodiversity
calling on organizations to report transparently around the world. To help ensure the inclusive
strategy to help address and mitigate impacts
on their ESG performance. Deloitte is a development and widespread implementation
throughout our value chain and support naturecommitted leader in this area, reporting our of the standards, the IFRS Foundation launched
positive solutions.
performance against the WEF stakeholder the Partnership Framework for Capacity
Deloitte also continues to build on our work capitalism metrics (SCM) and aligning with the Building at COP27, the 2023 UN conference on
with Indigenous peoples, including in Australia Global Reporting Initiative. We earnedan A- climate change. Deloitte is a founding signatory
and Canada, to advance nature-based climate rating from CDPfor our FY2022 response to its and will continue to support companies,
solutions. We recognize the importance of climate change questionnaire. In addition, investors, and other capital market stakeholders
honoring the knowledge of these communities Deloitte has continued its disclosure following as they prepare to use the ISSB Standards.
and supporting Indigenous-led climate solutions the recommendations of the Task Force on
Assurance helps to enhance trust in
that embed traditional ecological knowledge. Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
sustainability information and is a critical
For example, Deloitte Australia owns and
We, together with the coalition of companies component of an effective governance
manages The Deloitte Carbon Forests,
supporting the WEF SCM initiative, have structure. We continue to evolve our
properties that are designed and managed to
continued to advocate for a comprehensive methodologies, upskill our practitioners, adhere
deliver benefits for biodiversity and local
global baseline for sustainability reporting to strict ethics and professional standards, and
communities, allow for agricultural production,
based on the International Sustainability engage technology to deliver high-quality
and strengthen Traditional Custodian
Standards Board’s (ISSB’s) standards (ISSB assurance services. Importantly, starting with
relationships. Deloitte Australia collaborated
Standards). As part of this initiative, in June FY2023, selected environmental data in this
with environmental organizations and with
2023, ISSB and WEF concluded a Memorandum report has been subject to independent limited
Indigenous leaders to help deliver these
of Understanding, which creates a mechanism assurance.
benefits. In addition, Deloitte and the World
for the WEF business community to share
Economic Forum (WEF) jointly published
leading practices and practicalities of adopting
Embedding Indigenous Knowledge in the
the ISSB Standards and to offer insights and
Conservation and Restoration of Landscapes,
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 28]
Building better futures | 28 As we strive to approach environmental matters which explores how organizations can co-invest corporate perspectives into the standard-setting holistically, it’s important to also consider our with Indigenous leaders to help bring value to process. impact on nature and biodiversity. This is a both corporate action on nature and the long- The ISSB issued its first International critical topic for many companies, who turn to term health of nature. Sustainability Disclosure Standards, IFRS® S1 us for guidance on developing their nature and and S2, in June 2023. Deloitte issued a biodiversity strategies. While our organization’s Measuring and reporting on our progress statementwelcoming the ISSB Standards’ direct impacts in this area are limited, we are Clients and other stakeholders are increasingly publication and supporting their adoption developing a global nature and biodiversity calling on organizations to report transparently around the world. To help ensure the inclusive strategy to help address and mitigate impacts on their ESG performance. Deloitte is a development and widespread implementation throughout our value chain and support nature- committed leader in this area, reporting our of the standards, the IFRS Foundation launched positive solutions. performance against the WEF stakeholder the Partnership Framework for Capacity Deloitte also continues to build on our work capitalism metrics (SCM) and aligning with the Building at COP27, the 2023 UN conference on with Indigenous peoples, including in Australia Global Reporting Initiative. We earnedan A- climate change. Deloitte is a founding signatory and Canada, to advance nature-based climate rating from CDPfor our FY2022 response to its and will continue to support companies, solutions. We recognize the importance of climate change questionnaire. In addition, investors, and other capital market stakeholders honoring the knowledge of these communities Deloitte has continued its disclosure following as they prepare to use the ISSB Standards. and supporting Indigenous-led climate solutions the recommendations of the Task Force on Assurance helps to enhance trust in that embed traditional ecological knowledge. Climate-related Financial Disclosures. sustainability information and is a critical For example, Deloitte Australia owns and We, together with the coalition of companies component of an effective governance manages The Deloitte Carbon Forests, supporting the WEF SCM initiative, have structure. We continue to evolve our properties that are designed and managed to continued to advocate for a comprehensive methodologies, upskill our practitioners, adhere deliver benefits for biodiversity and local global baseline for sustainability reporting to strict ethics and professional standards, and communities, allow for agricultural production, based on the International Sustainability engage technology to deliver high-quality and strengthen Traditional Custodian Standards Board’s (ISSB’s) standards (ISSB assurance services. Importantly, starting with relationships. Deloitte Australia collaborated Standards). As part of this initiative, in June FY2023, selected environmental data in this with environmental organizations and with 2023, ISSB and WEF concluded a Memorandum report has been subject to independent limited Indigenous leaders to help deliver these of Understanding, which creates a mechanism assurance. benefits. In addition, Deloitte and the World for the WEF business community to share Economic Forum (WEF) jointly published leading practices and practicalities of adopting Embedding Indigenous Knowledge in the the ISSB Standards and to offer insights and Conservation and Restoration of Landscapes, BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 29
The power of our people Our Green Teams, led by Deloitte people, foster It’s a priority for Deloitte, as an organization that
internal grass roots efforts to promote more utilizes air travel, to collaborate and help
Deloitte continues to empower our people to
sustainable choices in Deloitte offices around expand the market for low-emission
take climate action and make environmentally
the world and encourage community transportation solutions. Reporting and
responsible choices. During the past year, we
volunteering with environmental non-profit accounting of SAF purchases is a developing
launched a new Sustainability & Climate
organizations. Deloitte also hosts internal virtual area that can benefit from connecting efforts by
learning program to help give Deloitte people
spaces for sharing inspiring ideas and numerous stakeholders across the SAF value
the critical insights needed to expand their skill
prompting discussions that drive action—such chain. Deloitte is participating in the
sets, grow their careers, and serve as trusted
as organizing a six-week vegan challenge or an development of a chain of custody framework
advisers to clients as they transform their
office recycling or clothing drive. During Earth for transport decarbonization through
organizations.
Month, we explored the individual actions each membership in the governing board of theBook
While business travel has resumed in most of us can take in our daily lives, in addition to and Claim Community, formed by the Smart
parts of the world following the COVID-19 the work Deloitte does for clients, to help build Freight Centre and the Rocky Mountain
pandemic, Deloitte is pursuing a variety of “Better Futures. Together.”, with a special focus Institute. We also purchased SAF from various
initiatives to help reduce the impact of our on the circular economy, nature and participants in the market, both to signal
travel, an important part of our WorldClimate biodiversity, and decarbonization. demand for SAF and to deepen our own market
ambition. For example, Deloitte US recently knowledge. In addition, Deloitte helps accelerate
launched its TravelSight dashboard, which Environmental impact across our SAF usage as a founding member of the
combines data related to modes of travel, office ecosystems Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance and
visits, and expenses to support environmentally through our involvement in WEF’s Clean Skies
Over the past year, we also continued to engage
minded decision-making related to travel. for Tomorrow Coalition. We also help advance
with like-minded organizations across our
Similarly, Deloitte Asia Pacific and Deloitte climate action more broadly through WEF’s
ecosystems to help inspire action, increase
Global’s “Moments that Matter” travel guidelines Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders.
demand for sustainable products and services,
were developed to support vital in-person
and develop solutions. Recognizing the power of young people to
touchpoints while keeping climate priorities in
embrace and drive the principle of sustainable
balance. By traveling smarter, we can help As part of Deloitte’s commitment to WEF’s First
living, Deloitte is collaborating with Junk Kouture,
reduce the scope 3 carbon cost to clients, while Movers Coalition, we are participating in aviation
a recycled fashion competition with an
also supporting the work-life balance of Deloitte sector working groups to help enable further
education platform, to inspire and empower the
people. design and implementation of several
circular engineers of tomorrow.
sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) initiatives.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 29]
Building better futures | 29 The power of our people Our Green Teams, led by Deloitte people, foster It’s a priority for Deloitte, as an organization that internal grass roots efforts to promote more utilizes air travel, to collaborate and help Deloitte continues to empower our people to sustainable choices in Deloitte offices around expand the market for low-emission take climate action and make environmentally the world and encourage community transportation solutions. Reporting and responsible choices. During the past year, we volunteering with environmental non-profit accounting of SAF purchases is a developing launched a new Sustainability & Climate organizations. Deloitte also hosts internal virtual area that can benefit from connecting efforts by learning program to help give Deloitte people spaces for sharing inspiring ideas and numerous stakeholders across the SAF value the critical insights needed to expand their skill prompting discussions that drive action—such chain. Deloitte is participating in the sets, grow their careers, and serve as trusted as organizing a six-week vegan challenge or an development of a chain of custody framework advisers to clients as they transform their office recycling or clothing drive. During Earth for transport decarbonization through organizations. Month, we explored the individual actions each membership in the governing board of theBook While business travel has resumed in most of us can take in our daily lives, in addition to and Claim Community, formed by the Smart parts of the world following the COVID-19 the work Deloitte does for clients, to help build Freight Centre and the Rocky Mountain pandemic, Deloitte is pursuing a variety of “Better Futures. Together.”, with a special focus Institute. We also purchased SAF from various initiatives to help reduce the impact of our on the circular economy, nature and participants in the market, both to signal travel, an important part of our WorldClimate biodiversity, and decarbonization. demand for SAF and to deepen our own market ambition. For example, Deloitte US recently knowledge. In addition, Deloitte helps accelerate launched its TravelSight dashboard, which Environmental impact across our SAF usage as a founding member of the combines data related to modes of travel, office ecosystems Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance and visits, and expenses to support environmentally through our involvement in WEF’s Clean Skies Over the past year, we also continued to engage minded decision-making related to travel. for Tomorrow Coalition. We also help advance with like-minded organizations across our Similarly, Deloitte Asia Pacific and Deloitte climate action more broadly through WEF’s ecosystems to help inspire action, increase Global’s “Moments that Matter” travel guidelines Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders. demand for sustainable products and services, were developed to support vital in-person and develop solutions. Recognizing the power of young people to touchpoints while keeping climate priorities in embrace and drive the principle of sustainable balance. By traveling smarter, we can help As part of Deloitte’s commitment to WEF’s First living, Deloitte is collaborating with Junk Kouture, reduce the scope 3 carbon cost to clients, while Movers Coalition, we are participating in aviation a recycled fashion competition with an also supporting the work-life balance of Deloitte sector working groups to help enable further education platform, to inspire and empower the people. design and implementation of several circular engineers of tomorrow. sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) initiatives. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 30
We have created opportunities for their voices
to be heard at events such as COP27 and the
WEF Annual Meeting in Davos and developed a
masterclass curriculum focused on
sustainability and climate and diversity, equity,
and inclusion.
Last November, Deloitte helped launch the
International Olympic CommitteeClimate Action
Awards, which will honor athletes and sports
organizations within the Olympic Movement
who are tackling climate change. As a Worldwide
Olympic and Paralympic Management
Consulting Partner (TOP), Deloitte is supporting
the IOC Climate Action Award x Innovation,
which recognizes innovation and education
efforts focused on reducing emissions to help
create a more sustainable future.
Deloitte is also a contributor to the Sustainable
Markets Initiative (SMI) and collaborates with
SMI on its mission to build a coordinated global
effort within the private sector to help
accelerate the achievement of global climate,
biodiversity, and Sustainable Development Goal
targets.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 30]
Building better futures | 30 We have created opportunities for their voices to be heard at events such as COP27 and the WEF Annual Meeting in Davos and developed a masterclass curriculum focused on sustainability and climate and diversity, equity, and inclusion. Last November, Deloitte helped launch the International Olympic CommitteeClimate Action Awards, which will honor athletes and sports organizations within the Olympic Movement who are tackling climate change. As a Worldwide Olympic and Paralympic Management Consulting Partner (TOP), Deloitte is supporting the IOC Climate Action Award x Innovation, which recognizes innovation and education efforts focused on reducing emissions to help create a more sustainable future. Deloitte is also a contributor to the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) and collaborates with SMI on its mission to build a coordinated global effort within the private sector to help accelerate the achievement of global climate, biodiversity, and Sustainable Development Goal targets. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 31
Environmental progress
Taking meaningful, measurable actions to numerous other industries where travel has We will continue to work closely with our
embed sustainability throughout our long been a core component of doing business. suppliers toward achieving our goal of having
Deloitte is continuing to implement guidance 67% of them, by emissions, set science-based
organization is a cornerstone of
and practices aimed at addressing business targets by 2025. Over time, as suppliers set
WorldClimate, Deloitte’s environmental
travel intentionality and exploring additional goals and have success in their journey towards
ambition. In FY2020, our near-term (2030)
ways to reduce travel emissions through value meeting them, we anticipate Scope 3 emissions
greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goals
chain mitigation measures like sustainable for this category will decrease.
were validated by the Science Based aviation fuel certificate purchases. Increasingly,
Additional details of our GHG emissions and
Targets initiative (SBTi) as 1.5° C-aligned, clients are asking Deloitte to report clientperformance against goals are included in the
science-based targets. Over the past year, specific travel emissions and set goals to reduce
Performance metrics and reporting frameworks
them. We welcome such opportunities to work
we have continued to work toward summary.
together with Deloitte clients to reduce
achieving these targets, recognizing the
emissions in this critical area.
increasing urgency of the climate crisis. Advancing fleet electrification
Additional information on business travel
Deloitte continues to advance our commitment
FY2023 Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased
initiatives is provided in theEnvironmental
to the Climate Group’s EV100 initiative, which
79% compared to base year emissions,
article in this report.
seeks to accelerate the transition to 100%
exceeding our organization’s 2030 SBTi goal of a
70% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Our emissions from Scope 3 Purchased Goods electric vehicles (EVs) by 2030. Looking across
These reductions are primarily driven by and Services increased in FY2023 by 63% our global organization, Deloitte’s fleet has
purchases of renewable energy, transition to compared to FY2022. While the amount of advanced from 24% EVs in FY2022 to 39% in
electric vehicles in Deloitte firm fleets, and a goods and services procured by Deloitte FY2023.
change in policy regarding accounting for fleet increased by a small percentage, the emissions Deloitte member firms are helping to drive this
emissions where Deloitte has no operational factors used for those goods and services effort. For example, this year Deloitte North and
control. increased significantly in many cases, South Europe (Deloitte NSE) implemented
contributing to the emissions increase.
guidance that all new vehicle purchases must be
Progress toward Deloitte’s 2030 goal of a 50%
Calculating emissions from goods and services
hybrids (either a conventional combustion
reduction in business travel emissions per Fullcarries the most uncertainty, as spend data is
hybrid or a plug-in electric hybrid) or full-battery
Time Equivalent (FTE) slowed considerably in
used to approximate emissions rather than
EVs. In FY2023, 42% of Deloitte NSE’s fleet now
FY2023 due to travel rebounds following the
activity data. Deloitte observed that industry
consists of EVs and plug-in hybrids.
COVID-19 pandemic. This is a significant
average emission factors tend to increase
challenge for professional services organizations
significantly as organizations improve
like Deloitte, as well as companies across
completeness of their emissions reporting.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 31]
Building better futures | 31 Environmental progress Taking meaningful, measurable actions to numerous other industries where travel has We will continue to work closely with our embed sustainability throughout our long been a core component of doing business. suppliers toward achieving our goal of having Deloitte is continuing to implement guidance 67% of them, by emissions, set science-based organization is a cornerstone of and practices aimed at addressing business targets by 2025. Over time, as suppliers set WorldClimate, Deloitte’s environmental travel intentionality and exploring additional goals and have success in their journey towards ambition. In FY2020, our near-term (2030) ways to reduce travel emissions through value meeting them, we anticipate Scope 3 emissions greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goals chain mitigation measures like sustainable for this category will decrease. were validated by the Science Based aviation fuel certificate purchases. Increasingly, Additional details of our GHG emissions and Targets initiative (SBTi) as 1.5° C-aligned, clients are asking Deloitte to report client- performance against goals are included in the science-based targets. Over the past year, specific travel emissions and set goals to reduce Performance metrics and reporting frameworks them. We welcome such opportunities to work we have continued to work toward summary. together with Deloitte clients to reduce achieving these targets, recognizing the emissions in this critical area. increasing urgency of the climate crisis. Advancing fleet electrification Additional information on business travel Deloitte continues to advance our commitment FY2023 Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased initiatives is provided in theEnvironmental to the Climate Group’s EV100 initiative, which 79% compared to base year emissions, article in this report. seeks to accelerate the transition to 100% exceeding our organization’s 2030 SBTi goal of a 70% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Our emissions from Scope 3 Purchased Goods electric vehicles (EVs) by 2030. Looking across These reductions are primarily driven by and Services increased in FY2023 by 63% our global organization, Deloitte’s fleet has purchases of renewable energy, transition to compared to FY2022. While the amount of advanced from 24% EVs in FY2022 to 39% in electric vehicles in Deloitte firm fleets, and a goods and services procured by Deloitte FY2023. change in policy regarding accounting for fleet increased by a small percentage, the emissions Deloitte member firms are helping to drive this emissions where Deloitte has no operational factors used for those goods and services effort. For example, this year Deloitte North and control. increased significantly in many cases, South Europe (Deloitte NSE) implemented contributing to the emissions increase. guidance that all new vehicle purchases must be Progress toward Deloitte’s 2030 goal of a 50% Calculating emissions from goods and services hybrids (either a conventional combustion reduction in business travel emissions per Full- carries the most uncertainty, as spend data is hybrid or a plug-in electric hybrid) or full-battery Time Equivalent (FTE) slowed considerably in used to approximate emissions rather than EVs. In FY2023, 42% of Deloitte NSE’s fleet now FY2023 due to travel rebounds following the activity data. Deloitte observed that industry consists of EVs and plug-in hybrids. COVID-19 pandemic. This is a significant average emission factors tend to increase challenge for professional services organizations significantly as organizations improve like Deloitte, as well as companies across completeness of their emissions reporting. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 32
Prioritizing renewable electricity Transitioning our approach to support a external funding. We are beginning this
low-carbon economy transition through the implementation of a
Deloitte is likewise committed to theClimate
voluntary internal carbon price. Deloitte’s
Group’s RE100 initiative, supporting the Deloitte has committed to invest in meaningful
internal carbon price is designed to secure a
advancement of renewable electricity. We market solutions for the emissions we cannot
consistent level of investment by establishing a
continue to make progress toward our goal of yet eliminate. In recent years, we have
floor price, though Deloitte firms are
procuring 100% of our electricity from compensated for unabated emissions through
encouraged to apply a higher price as they
renewable sources, achieving 91% in FY2022 carbon credit purchases as a means to promote
implement this new financial mechanism. A floor
and 94% in FY2023. This goal is not without its the advancement of sustainability solutions,
price was established to remove barriers to the
challenges for a large global organization like while also recognizing that this does not replace
adoption of the carbon price in the Global
Deloitte, which seeks to purchase renewable the need to reduce emissions in line with
South, given the disparity in both wealth and
electricity for a highly distributed load that science. In FY2021 and FY2022, Deloitte
emissions between the Global North and Global
spans markets around the world. Where RE100- purchased certified carbon credits for 100% of
South.We will continue to reassess our
compliant renewable electricity cannot be emissions from operations and business travel.
approach to carbon pricing in future years, and
sourced, Deloitte firms sometimes source
We continue to explore and seek to adopt anticipate gradually increasing the minimum
renewable energy attributes from a neighboring
leading practices around climate investment carbon price to align with leading benchmarks
geography. This enables Deloitte to
and supporting the transition to a low-carbon and expanding the scope to cover additional
demonstrate commitment to our renewable
economy through beyond value chain sources of emissions. We will also continue to
electricity target, help expand the market for
mitigation. We recognize that purchasing evaluate the most impactful uses of funds
renewable electricity in adjacent geographies
carbon credits, while an important mechanism collected through implementation of our carbon
where it is available, and promote the economic
to bring funding to new climate abatement price.
opportunities that come with opening or
projects, is only one piece of the puzzle. A
expanding in-country supply.
comprehensive approach to global Van Zorbas
Achieving 100% renewable electricity requires decarbonization is needed. Deloitte Global Chief Purpose Officer
vzorbas@deloitte.ca
the development of vitally important renewable
Based on this, in FY2023 Deloitte began
electricity projects, infrastructure, and Kathryn Alsegaf
transitioning our approach to expand our
associated contracts in each market where Deloitte Global Chief Sustainability Officer
investment in beyond value chain mitigation to a
kalsegaf@deloitte.com
Deloitte operates. In addressing these matters,
portfolio of innovative beyond-compliance or
Deloitte seeks to engage key stakeholders and
credited investments in climate mitigation
looks to aggregate demand with others in order
measures that otherwise may not occur without
to open markets to voluntary procurement of
renewable electricity.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 32]
Building better futures | 32 Prioritizing renewable electricity Transitioning our approach to support a external funding. We are beginning this low-carbon economy transition through the implementation of a Deloitte is likewise committed to theClimate voluntary internal carbon price. Deloitte’s Group’s RE100 initiative, supporting the Deloitte has committed to invest in meaningful internal carbon price is designed to secure a advancement of renewable electricity. We market solutions for the emissions we cannot consistent level of investment by establishing a continue to make progress toward our goal of yet eliminate. In recent years, we have floor price, though Deloitte firms are procuring 100% of our electricity from compensated for unabated emissions through encouraged to apply a higher price as they renewable sources, achieving 91% in FY2022 carbon credit purchases as a means to promote implement this new financial mechanism. A floor and 94% in FY2023. This goal is not without its the advancement of sustainability solutions, price was established to remove barriers to the challenges for a large global organization like while also recognizing that this does not replace adoption of the carbon price in the Global Deloitte, which seeks to purchase renewable the need to reduce emissions in line with South, given the disparity in both wealth and electricity for a highly distributed load that science. In FY2021 and FY2022, Deloitte emissions between the Global North and Global spans markets around the world. Where RE100- purchased certified carbon credits for 100% of South.We will continue to reassess our compliant renewable electricity cannot be emissions from operations and business travel. approach to carbon pricing in future years, and sourced, Deloitte firms sometimes source We continue to explore and seek to adopt anticipate gradually increasing the minimum renewable energy attributes from a neighboring leading practices around climate investment carbon price to align with leading benchmarks geography. This enables Deloitte to and supporting the transition to a low-carbon and expanding the scope to cover additional demonstrate commitment to our renewable economy through beyond value chain sources of emissions. We will also continue to electricity target, help expand the market for mitigation. We recognize that purchasing evaluate the most impactful uses of funds renewable electricity in adjacent geographies carbon credits, while an important mechanism collected through implementation of our carbon where it is available, and promote the economic to bring funding to new climate abatement price. opportunities that come with opening or projects, is only one piece of the puzzle. A expanding in-country supply. comprehensive approach to global Van Zorbas Achieving 100% renewable electricity requires decarbonization is needed. Deloitte Global Chief Purpose Officer vzorbas@deloitte.ca the development of vitally important renewable Based on this, in FY2023 Deloitte began electricity projects, infrastructure, and Kathryn Alsegaf transitioning our approach to expand our associated contracts in each market where Deloitte Global Chief Sustainability Officer investment in beyond value chain mitigation to a kalsegaf@deloitte.com Deloitte operates. In addressing these matters, portfolio of innovative beyond-compliance or Deloitte seeks to engage key stakeholders and credited investments in climate mitigation looks to aggregate demand with others in order measures that otherwise may not occur without to open markets to voluntary procurement of renewable electricity. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 33
Climate considerations in financial statement audits
Deloitte’s commitments to people, the In addition, to demonstrate Deloitte A&A’s 3. Communications–this quality metric
planet, and our Purpose are reflected commitment to net-zero ambitions, Deloitte measures the percentage of Deloitte inA&A has been monitoring four quality metrics in scope engagement teams that discussed
throughout our organization’s strategy,
the audits of financial statements of the largest the relevance of climate risks to the financial
operations, and stakeholder engagement.
companies audited by Deloitte in carbon- statements and the audit with the audited
As it relates to auditors, generally
intensive industries (e.g., oil and gas, industrial entity’s management and those charged
accepted auditing standards require
products, and electrical utilities) (“in-scope with governance.
auditors to identify and assess the risks of engagements”). The metrics were monitored for
4. Reporting–this quality metric measures
material misstatement in the financial December 2022 and March 2023 year-end
the percentage of Deloitte in-scope
statements of the companies they audit, audits. For all in-scope engagements, the
engagement teams that considered whether
following activities have been performed, and all
and to design and perform audit climate risks needed to be explicitly
in-scope engagements achieved these quality
procedures responsive to those risks, mentioned in their audit reports.
metrics:
including, when relevant, climate-related
Deloitte will reassess the list of in-scope
1. Application of audit methodology –this
risks. engagements periodically to reconsider our
quality metric measures the percentage of
monitoring activities around considerations of
Specifically, within Deloitte’s Audit & Assurance Deloitte in-scope engagement teams that
climate-related risks on financial statement
(A&A) practice, Deloitte is committed to performed specific audit procedures to
audits.
supporting net-zero ambitions by planning and determine whether climate risks were
performing financial statement audits with a material to the financial statements taken in
focus on quality, integrity, and objectivity and in whole.
accordance with the relevant laws, regulations,
2. Training–this quality metric measures the
and professional standards.
percentage of Deloitte engagement team
Further, as one of the leading A&A providers, practitioners assigned to the in-scope
Deloitte has developed best-in-class training engagement teams at the manager level
and methodologies, which embed climate and higher that received training related to
considerations and keep pace with the relevant assessing and responding to climate risks in
professional standards. audit engagements.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 33]
Building better futures | 33 Climate considerations in financial statement audits Deloitte’s commitments to people, the In addition, to demonstrate Deloitte A&A’s 3. Communications–this quality metric planet, and our Purpose are reflected commitment to net-zero ambitions, Deloitte measures the percentage of Deloitte in- A&A has been monitoring four quality metrics in scope engagement teams that discussed throughout our organization’s strategy, the audits of financial statements of the largest the relevance of climate risks to the financial operations, and stakeholder engagement. companies audited by Deloitte in carbon- statements and the audit with the audited As it relates to auditors, generally intensive industries (e.g., oil and gas, industrial entity’s management and those charged accepted auditing standards require products, and electrical utilities) (“in-scope with governance. auditors to identify and assess the risks of engagements”). The metrics were monitored for 4. Reporting–this quality metric measures material misstatement in the financial December 2022 and March 2023 year-end the percentage of Deloitte in-scope statements of the companies they audit, audits. For all in-scope engagements, the engagement teams that considered whether following activities have been performed, and all and to design and perform audit climate risks needed to be explicitly in-scope engagements achieved these quality procedures responsive to those risks, mentioned in their audit reports. metrics: including, when relevant, climate-related Deloitte will reassess the list of in-scope 1. Application of audit methodology –this risks. engagements periodically to reconsider our quality metric measures the percentage of monitoring activities around considerations of Specifically, within Deloitte’s Audit & Assurance Deloitte in-scope engagement teams that climate-related risks on financial statement (A&A) practice, Deloitte is committed to performed specific audit procedures to audits. supporting net-zero ambitions by planning and determine whether climate risks were performing financial statement audits with a material to the financial statements taken in focus on quality, integrity, and objectivity and in whole. accordance with the relevant laws, regulations, 2. Training–this quality metric measures the and professional standards. percentage of Deloitte engagement team Further, as one of the leading A&A providers, practitioners assigned to the in-scope Deloitte has developed best-in-class training engagement teams at the manager level and methodologies, which embed climate and higher that received training related to considerations and keep pace with the relevant assessing and responding to climate risks in professional standards. audit engagements. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 34
Climate-related stakeholder engagement • demand, and create an enabling • Deloitte coordinated with the Economist
environment for innovative clean Impact Insight Hour to conduct a webinar
During the last year, Deloitte has also
technologies across eight hard-to-abate featuring Deloitte, the International
proactively engaged with key stakeholders,
sectors. Within the aviation sector, Deloitte Organisation of Employers (IOE), and the
including policymakers whose activities affect
participates in coalition activities to advance International Labour Organisation (ILO), in
business and industry and who could be
net-zero goals, including involvement in the which we discussed just transition, workforce
effective in advocating for the establishment of
sector’s working groups. vulnerabilities accentuated by climate
public policies that support a net-zero transition
change, and reactive adaptation policies.
of economic sectors in line with science and • Deloitte Global published “Transform to
with regard to social impacts. React: Climate Policy in the New World • Deloitte developed the Using sustainability
Order”, an article outlining recommendations reporting to drive behavioral change report,
During FY2023, Deloitte engaged with a variety
for governments and companies that wish to which leverages insights from 25 interviews
of stakeholders and policy influencers on public
optimize their contributions to climate- with leaders in the investment, business,
policy matters through a variety of mechanisms,
related efforts collaboratively, while taking academic, and nonprofit sectors, and
including:
into account economic and geopolitical identifies six conditions needed to encourage
• Deloitte Global was a signatory to the World considerations that affect public policy. the adoption of sustainability reporting and
Economic Forum (WEF) Alliance of CEO create operating environments conducive to
• Deloitte India served as the 2023 B20 India
climate leaders’ open letter addressed to behavior change.
Knowledge Partner for the Action Council on
world leaders in advance of COP27. As part
ESG and for the Taskforce on Energy, Climate • Deloitte organized a LinkedIn webinar during
of the WEF Alliance, Deloitte works alongside
Change, and Resource Efficiency, which COP27 that featured Deloitte and Janine
other members to increase net-zero
included contributions to the development of Guillot, former CEO of the Value Reporting
transition activities by setting science-based
policy recommendations for the G20. Foundation and Sustainability Accountability
targets, disclosing emissions, and advancing
Standards Board, that explored how
decarbonization efforts across global value • Deloitte developed “Work toward net zero:
sustainability reporting can drive behavioral
chains. The rise of the Green Collar workforce in a
change in businesses and markets.
just transition”, a report that identifies
• Deloitte is an active participant in the aviation
impacts of climate change and • Deloitte promoted long-term behavior
sector of the WEF’s First Movers Coalition.
decarbonization on vulnerable segments of change and the adoption of sustainability
Bringing together both government and
the workforce and outlines public policy reporting and disclosures by authoring
business, the First Movers Coalition works to
principles that underly workers’ adaptation articles that were featured in Forbesand
formulate purchase commitments, aggregate
and equitable transitions. Accounting and Business.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 34]
Building better futures | 34 Climate-related stakeholder engagement • demand, and create an enabling • Deloitte coordinated with the Economist environment for innovative clean Impact Insight Hour to conduct a webinar During the last year, Deloitte has also technologies across eight hard-to-abate featuring Deloitte, the International proactively engaged with key stakeholders, sectors. Within the aviation sector, Deloitte Organisation of Employers (IOE), and the including policymakers whose activities affect participates in coalition activities to advance International Labour Organisation (ILO), in business and industry and who could be net-zero goals, including involvement in the which we discussed just transition, workforce effective in advocating for the establishment of sector’s working groups. vulnerabilities accentuated by climate public policies that support a net-zero transition change, and reactive adaptation policies. of economic sectors in line with science and • Deloitte Global published “Transform to with regard to social impacts. React: Climate Policy in the New World • Deloitte developed the Using sustainability Order”, an article outlining recommendations reporting to drive behavioral change report, During FY2023, Deloitte engaged with a variety for governments and companies that wish to which leverages insights from 25 interviews of stakeholders and policy influencers on public optimize their contributions to climate- with leaders in the investment, business, policy matters through a variety of mechanisms, related efforts collaboratively, while taking academic, and nonprofit sectors, and including: into account economic and geopolitical identifies six conditions needed to encourage • Deloitte Global was a signatory to the World considerations that affect public policy. the adoption of sustainability reporting and Economic Forum (WEF) Alliance of CEO create operating environments conducive to • Deloitte India served as the 2023 B20 India climate leaders’ open letter addressed to behavior change. Knowledge Partner for the Action Council on world leaders in advance of COP27. As part ESG and for the Taskforce on Energy, Climate • Deloitte organized a LinkedIn webinar during of the WEF Alliance, Deloitte works alongside Change, and Resource Efficiency, which COP27 that featured Deloitte and Janine other members to increase net-zero included contributions to the development of Guillot, former CEO of the Value Reporting transition activities by setting science-based policy recommendations for the G20. Foundation and Sustainability Accountability targets, disclosing emissions, and advancing Standards Board, that explored how decarbonization efforts across global value • Deloitte developed “Work toward net zero: sustainability reporting can drive behavioral chains. The rise of the Green Collar workforce in a change in businesses and markets. just transition”, a report that identifies • Deloitte is an active participant in the aviation impacts of climate change and • Deloitte promoted long-term behavior sector of the WEF’s First Movers Coalition. decarbonization on vulnerable segments of change and the adoption of sustainability Bringing together both government and the workforce and outlines public policy reporting and disclosures by authoring business, the First Movers Coalition works to principles that underly workers’ adaptation articles that were featured in Forbesand formulate purchase commitments, aggregate and equitable transitions. Accounting and Business. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 35
• Deloitte Global presented and dialogued on
the climate-related matters as a part of
various regulatory and professional
engagements, with the International
Organization of Securities Commissions
(IOSCO), the International Forum of
Independent Audit Regulators (IFIAR), the
Committee of European Auditing Oversight
Bodies (CEAOB), and various other regulators
and standard-setters, such as the
International Sustainability Standards Board
(ISSB) and the International Auditing and
Assurance Standards Board (IAASB), as well
as other stakeholders.
Jean-Marc Mickeler
Deloitte Global Audit & Assurance Business leader
jmickeler@deloitte.fr
Simon Cleveland
Deloitte Global Public Policy leader
scleveland@deloitte.co.uk
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 35]
Building better futures | 35 • Deloitte Global presented and dialogued on the climate-related matters as a part of various regulatory and professional engagements, with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO), the International Forum of Independent Audit Regulators (IFIAR), the Committee of European Auditing Oversight Bodies (CEAOB), and various other regulators and standard-setters, such as the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB), as well as other stakeholders. Jean-Marc Mickeler Deloitte Global Audit & Assurance Business leader jmickeler@deloitte.fr Simon Cleveland Deloitte Global Public Policy leader scleveland@deloitte.co.uk BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 36
Nature and biodiversity
Biodiversity—the rich variety of living Accelerating our efforts
things on Earth—is crucial for healthy
To help address and mitigate our organization’s
ecosystems and a healthy planet. impacts, we are developing a global nature and
However, much of the world’s biodiversity biodiversity strategy. Deloitte also continues to
is at risk due to climate change, human accelerate our efforts to support nature and
biodiversity in the areas of real estate and
consumption, and other impacts on
purchased goods and services.
nature—that is, the physical world
including plants, animals, the landscape, We are taking a closer look at our real estate
oceans, and other features of the earth. around the world—analyzing our buildings and
choices for fit-outs, furnishings, and other
According to the World Economic Forum, 50% elements—to identify opportunities to minimize
of global GDP is dependent on nature. This impacts on nature. In addition, we are
means disruptions to the Earth’s ecosystems evaluating practices across our Deloitte
could affect our current way of life. It also University campuses to provide
means that organizations have an important recommendations on operational and
role to play in protecting nature. behavioral changes to help protect nature and
biodiversity.
In translating our environmental ambitions into
action, Deloitte considers environmental Deloitte is addressing our supply chain impacts
matters widely, including examining our impact and implementing measures to promote a
on nature and biodiversity. Our organization sustainable, circular economy. This includes
supports nature-positive solutions and is seeking to promote positive nature impacts
assessing impacts throughout our value chain. through more responsible choices. As part of
this effort, we launched Products with Purpose,
a catalog of branded promotional items that
adhere to a set of sustainable supply chain
guidelines, including impacts to nature.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 36]
Building better futures | 36 Nature and biodiversity Biodiversity—the rich variety of living Accelerating our efforts things on Earth—is crucial for healthy To help address and mitigate our organization’s ecosystems and a healthy planet. impacts, we are developing a global nature and However, much of the world’s biodiversity biodiversity strategy. Deloitte also continues to is at risk due to climate change, human accelerate our efforts to support nature and biodiversity in the areas of real estate and consumption, and other impacts on purchased goods and services. nature—that is, the physical world including plants, animals, the landscape, We are taking a closer look at our real estate oceans, and other features of the earth. around the world—analyzing our buildings and choices for fit-outs, furnishings, and other According to the World Economic Forum, 50% elements—to identify opportunities to minimize of global GDP is dependent on nature. This impacts on nature. In addition, we are means disruptions to the Earth’s ecosystems evaluating practices across our Deloitte could affect our current way of life. It also University campuses to provide means that organizations have an important recommendations on operational and role to play in protecting nature. behavioral changes to help protect nature and biodiversity. In translating our environmental ambitions into action, Deloitte considers environmental Deloitte is addressing our supply chain impacts matters widely, including examining our impact and implementing measures to promote a on nature and biodiversity. Our organization sustainable, circular economy. This includes supports nature-positive solutions and is seeking to promote positive nature impacts assessing impacts throughout our value chain. through more responsible choices. As part of this effort, we launched Products with Purpose, a catalog of branded promotional items that adhere to a set of sustainable supply chain guidelines, including impacts to nature. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 37
Taking action around the world • Deloitte Canada is the first and only This past April, Deloitte people from around the
professional services firm contributing to the world came together to celebrate Earth Month
Deloitte firms are advancing a number of
Great Bear Forest Carbon Project, supporting and take action, especially around nature and
initiatives to help protect complex environments
an Indigenous-led, nature-based climate biodiversity. For example:
and help address the particular risks to
solution that enhances local economic
biodiversity in their regions, including: • Deloitte Bermuda people helped clean up a
development and employment through
local coral reef, removing trash and other
• Deloitte Australia owns and manages The community-led guardians initiatives. Revenue
debris and helping to protect the biodiversity
Deloitte Carbon Forests, properties that are from the sale of carbon credits helps enable
of their local ecosystem.
designed and managed to deliver benefits for the communities to protect old-growth
biodiversity and local communities, allow for forests that are designated for harvest, to • Deloitte Kenya, Deloitte Tanzania, Deloitte
agricultural production, and strengthen secure valuable carbon stores, and to Canada, and other Deloitte firms across our
Traditional Custodian relationships. Deloitte safeguard biodiversity. global Deloitte network participated in
Australia collaborated with environmental reforestation and/or forest care volunteer
• Deloitte Netherlands and Deloitte Dutch
organizations and with Indigenous leaders to opportunities.
Caribbean are supporting the reforestation
help deliver these benefits. The selection for
of mangrove forests in Curaçao. • Deloitte Costa Rica built pollinator gardens to
planting focuses on local native species and
encourage butterflies, bees, and other
aims to support the generation of co- • Deloitte India is working with a nonprofit
pollinators to visit.
benefits, such as biodiversity outcomes, organization to conserve and support the
Traditional Custodian engagement and nesting habitat of Olive Ridley turtles in
procurement, and dedicated areas for Chennai, as well as teaming up with another
continued agricultural production. nonprofit to conduct beach cleanups in
Mumbai.
• The Deloitte Forest project, led by Deloitte
Brazil, aims to plant 15,000 seedlings per
year through FY2030 in the Atlantic Forest
and supports the recovery of basins’ and
sub-basins’ watersheds.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 37]
Building better futures | 37 Taking action around the world • Deloitte Canada is the first and only This past April, Deloitte people from around the professional services firm contributing to the world came together to celebrate Earth Month Deloitte firms are advancing a number of Great Bear Forest Carbon Project, supporting and take action, especially around nature and initiatives to help protect complex environments an Indigenous-led, nature-based climate biodiversity. For example: and help address the particular risks to solution that enhances local economic biodiversity in their regions, including: • Deloitte Bermuda people helped clean up a development and employment through local coral reef, removing trash and other • Deloitte Australia owns and manages The community-led guardians initiatives. Revenue debris and helping to protect the biodiversity Deloitte Carbon Forests, properties that are from the sale of carbon credits helps enable of their local ecosystem. designed and managed to deliver benefits for the communities to protect old-growth biodiversity and local communities, allow for forests that are designated for harvest, to • Deloitte Kenya, Deloitte Tanzania, Deloitte agricultural production, and strengthen secure valuable carbon stores, and to Canada, and other Deloitte firms across our Traditional Custodian relationships. Deloitte safeguard biodiversity. global Deloitte network participated in Australia collaborated with environmental reforestation and/or forest care volunteer • Deloitte Netherlands and Deloitte Dutch organizations and with Indigenous leaders to opportunities. Caribbean are supporting the reforestation help deliver these benefits. The selection for of mangrove forests in Curaçao. • Deloitte Costa Rica built pollinator gardens to planting focuses on local native species and encourage butterflies, bees, and other aims to support the generation of co- • Deloitte India is working with a nonprofit pollinators to visit. benefits, such as biodiversity outcomes, organization to conserve and support the Traditional Custodian engagement and nesting habitat of Olive Ridley turtles in procurement, and dedicated areas for Chennai, as well as teaming up with another continued agricultural production. nonprofit to conduct beach cleanups in Mumbai. • The Deloitte Forest project, led by Deloitte Brazil, aims to plant 15,000 seedlings per year through FY2030 in the Atlantic Forest and supports the recovery of basins’ and sub-basins’ watersheds. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 38
The collective power of individual choices • Climate-nature nexus: Expanding finance
from climate to nature, a webinar on
As a global organization with approximately
integrating climate-and nature-related risks;
457,000 people around the world, we
understand how individual choices can add up • How global nature targets are relevant to
to powerful collective action. We help raise business, a blog on the Kunming-Montreal
awareness and inspire action with internal Global Biodiversity Framework, the targets it
webinars such as “Know nature. Boost sets out for protecting and restoring global
biodiversity,” which focuses on biodiversity biodiversity, and three key considerations for
impacts and how each of us can help. World businesses;
Wildlife Fund’s (WWF’s) “What is biodiversity?”
• Nature and biodiversity, a podcast exploring
and other collaborative educational
what “nature risk” is, how it relates to climate
opportunities provide further insights to
risk, and what businesses should be doing to
Deloitte people and showcase examples of how
prepare for nature-related regulation; and
protecting wildlife around the world can benefit
local environments. • Nature is next: Towards integrating naturerelated risks in the Dutch Financial sector, an
Helping clients prioritize nature article on how financial institutions can learn
about and engage with nature-related risks.
We support Deloitte clients in their efforts to
assess their impact and prioritize nature and
Kathryn Alsegaf
biodiversity. This includes sharing insights and
Deloitte Global Chief Sustainability Officer
actionable guidance from throughout our kalsegaf@deloitte.com
organization, such as:
• Banking on natural capital, a report on
unlocking the value of nature and actions
that can be taken to work towards a naturepositive future;
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 38]
Building better futures | 38 The collective power of individual choices • Climate-nature nexus: Expanding finance from climate to nature, a webinar on As a global organization with approximately integrating climate-and nature-related risks; 457,000 people around the world, we understand how individual choices can add up • How global nature targets are relevant to to powerful collective action. We help raise business, a blog on the Kunming-Montreal awareness and inspire action with internal Global Biodiversity Framework, the targets it webinars such as “Know nature. Boost sets out for protecting and restoring global biodiversity,” which focuses on biodiversity biodiversity, and three key considerations for impacts and how each of us can help. World businesses; Wildlife Fund’s (WWF’s) “What is biodiversity?” • Nature and biodiversity, a podcast exploring and other collaborative educational what “nature risk” is, how it relates to climate opportunities provide further insights to risk, and what businesses should be doing to Deloitte people and showcase examples of how prepare for nature-related regulation; and protecting wildlife around the world can benefit local environments. • Nature is next: Towards integrating nature- related risks in the Dutch Financial sector, an Helping clients prioritize nature article on how financial institutions can learn about and engage with nature-related risks. We support Deloitte clients in their efforts to assess their impact and prioritize nature and Kathryn Alsegaf biodiversity. This includes sharing insights and Deloitte Global Chief Sustainability Officer actionable guidance from throughout our kalsegaf@deloitte.com organization, such as: • Banking on natural capital, a report on unlocking the value of nature and actions that can be taken to work towards a nature- positive future; BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 39
Sustainable and responsible supply chain
As consumers and regulators call for Assessing, managing, and reducing supply responsible climate choices within our
greater traceability and insight into supply chain emissions organization and beyond. In FY2023, our
primary goal was to start to engage with
chains, organizations are increasingly As part of Deloitte’s WorldClimateinitiative, in
suppliers that have not yet committed to setting
exploring ecosystem strategies that take FY2023 we continued to expand on previous
science-based emissions reduction targets,to
into account their end-to-end years’ supply chain sustainability activities.
better understand their greenhouse gas
Efforts to assess, manage, and reduce supply
transparency, design, sourcing,
emissions and their journey toward
chain emissions are underway across Deloitte’s
manufacturing, and distribution. Deloitte decarbonization. Continuing to use the CDP
major purchasing categories, and include
works with organizations from across (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) platform,
implementation of sustainability-related request
industries as they design and optimize we have encouraged these suppliers to report
for proposal (RFP) questions and contract
their emissions and actions through this
their physical footprint, as well as helping language. These improvements include
centralized climate-focused reporting
to design their sustainable supply chain introducing WorldClimate-specific criteria with
questionnaire.
operating models by leveraging data our suppliers, such as setting science-based
targets, and category-specific ESG-related items Initiatives of this kind help Deloitte to calculate
analytics, technology, collaboration with
such as recycling and electricity-use standards. our emissions with greater accuracy and identify
alliance relationships, and circular
In support of these goals, Deloitte Global has suppliers for additional engagement. These
economy principles.
established a Procurement Sustainability team, initiatives also are the cornerstone for Deloitte's
Deloitte is likewise focused on our own supply with the express purpose of driving WorldClimategoal of having two-thirds of our
chains, which cross multiple industries and sustainability solutions in Deloitte supply chain suppliers (by emissions) set science-based
regions of the world. Recognizing that more and procurement processes. targets.
than two-thirds of Deloitte’s aggregate
emissions are derived from purchased goods Carbon emission reporting by suppliers
and services, Deloitte’s WorldClimatestrategy
To be in line with the Paris Agreement goals, our
includes a specific focus on developing more
WorldClimateinitiative focuses on engaging our
sustainable supply chains.
highest emitting suppliers in order to drive
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 39]
Building better futures | 39 Sustainable and responsible supply chain As consumers and regulators call for Assessing, managing, and reducing supply responsible climate choices within our greater traceability and insight into supply chain emissions organization and beyond. In FY2023, our primary goal was to start to engage with chains, organizations are increasingly As part of Deloitte’s WorldClimateinitiative, in suppliers that have not yet committed to setting exploring ecosystem strategies that take FY2023 we continued to expand on previous science-based emissions reduction targets,to into account their end-to-end years’ supply chain sustainability activities. better understand their greenhouse gas Efforts to assess, manage, and reduce supply transparency, design, sourcing, emissions and their journey toward chain emissions are underway across Deloitte’s manufacturing, and distribution. Deloitte decarbonization. Continuing to use the CDP major purchasing categories, and include works with organizations from across (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) platform, implementation of sustainability-related request industries as they design and optimize we have encouraged these suppliers to report for proposal (RFP) questions and contract their emissions and actions through this their physical footprint, as well as helping language. These improvements include centralized climate-focused reporting to design their sustainable supply chain introducing WorldClimate-specific criteria with questionnaire. operating models by leveraging data our suppliers, such as setting science-based targets, and category-specific ESG-related items Initiatives of this kind help Deloitte to calculate analytics, technology, collaboration with such as recycling and electricity-use standards. our emissions with greater accuracy and identify alliance relationships, and circular In support of these goals, Deloitte Global has suppliers for additional engagement. These economy principles. established a Procurement Sustainability team, initiatives also are the cornerstone for Deloitte's Deloitte is likewise focused on our own supply with the express purpose of driving WorldClimategoal of having two-thirds of our chains, which cross multiple industries and sustainability solutions in Deloitte supply chain suppliers (by emissions) set science-based regions of the world. Recognizing that more and procurement processes. targets. than two-thirds of Deloitte’s aggregate emissions are derived from purchased goods Carbon emission reporting by suppliers and services, Deloitte’s WorldClimatestrategy To be in line with the Paris Agreement goals, our includes a specific focus on developing more WorldClimateinitiative focuses on engaging our sustainable supply chains. highest emitting suppliers in order to drive BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 40
Pursuing our efforts in support of
alternative solutions to reduce emissions
To help reduce our business travel-related
emissions, Deloitte continues to participate in
the sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) market. In
2023, we purchased SAF from a variety of
market participants, building on purchases
made in 2021 and 2022. In addition, we are
working to advance collective SAF demand
through our participation in the World
Economic Forum’s Clean Skies for Tomorrow
Coalition and First Movers Coalition, as well as
the Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance.
Brian Nichols
Deloitte Global Deputy Chief Procurement Officer
brinichols@deloitte.com
Kathryn Alsegaf
Deloitte Global Chief Sustainability Officer
kalsegaf@deloitte.com
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 40]
Building better futures | 40 Pursuing our efforts in support of alternative solutions to reduce emissions To help reduce our business travel-related emissions, Deloitte continues to participate in the sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) market. In 2023, we purchased SAF from a variety of market participants, building on purchases made in 2021 and 2022. In addition, we are working to advance collective SAF demand through our participation in the World Economic Forum’s Clean Skies for Tomorrow Coalition and First Movers Coalition, as well as the Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance. Brian Nichols Deloitte Global Deputy Chief Procurement Officer brinichols@deloitte.com Kathryn Alsegaf Deloitte Global Chief Sustainability Officer kalsegaf@deloitte.com BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Social
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 41]
Social BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 42
Societal investments
Deloitte has made a worldwide commitment to invest more than US$3
billion over the next 10 years in societal impact initiatives.
Notes
Total societal investments of US$377M include US$148M in donations, US$197M in value of volunteer and pro bono work, and US$31M in management costs. Figures are aggregated
across the Deloitte organization. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 42]
Building better futures | 42 Societal investments Deloitte has made a worldwide commitment to invest more than US$3 billion over the next 10 years in societal impact initiatives. Notes Total societal investments of US$377M include US$148M in donations, US$197M in value of volunteer and pro bono work, and US$31M in management costs. Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 43
WorldClass commitment
Through WorldClass, we seek to expand opportunities for 100 million
individuals by 2030 by providing access to education and job skills.
Notes
“Individuals reached” refers to the total number of people, external to Deloitte, impacted through support provided by Deloitte people to individuals (e.g., mentoring) and organizations
(e.g., capacity building for nonprofit organizations) toward Deloitte’s goal of reaching 100 million individuals by 2030. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 43]
Building better futures | 43 WorldClass commitment Through WorldClass, we seek to expand opportunities for 100 million individuals by 2030 by providing access to education and job skills. Notes “Individuals reached” refers to the total number of people, external to Deloitte, impacted through support provided by Deloitte people to individuals (e.g., mentoring) and organizations (e.g., capacity building for nonprofit organizations) toward Deloitte’s goal of reaching 100 million individuals by 2030. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 44
Total headcount
Notes
Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 44]
Building better futures | 44 Total headcount Notes Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 45
Headcount by region and gender
Notes
Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely capture gender identity information across our network. The
Talent data provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity data based on information available at this time. In somecases where gender data is not available, the data may not
sum to 100%. These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 45]
Building better futures | 45 Headcount by region and gender Notes Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely capture gender identity information across our network. The Talent data provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity data based on information available at this time. In somecases where gender data is not available, the data may not sum to 100%. These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 46
Headcount by region and age range
Notes
These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Age ranges are estimated based on data collected from Deloittefirms. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the
total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 46]
Building better futures | 46 Headcount by region and age range Notes These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Age ranges are estimated based on data collected from Deloittefirms. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 47
Total headcount by gender and age
Notes
Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely capture gender identity information across our network. The
Talent data provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity data based on information available at this time. In somecases where gender data is not available, the data may not
sum to 100%. These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 47]
Building better futures | 47 Total headcount by gender and age Notes Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely capture gender identity information across our network. The Talent data provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity data based on information available at this time. In somecases where gender data is not available, the data may not sum to 100%. These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. Because of rounding, numbers may not tally with the total. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 48
Total new hires
Notes
These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
*New hires as a percentage of total headcount.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 48]
Building better futures | 48 Total new hires Notes These figures are aggregated across the Deloitte organization. *New hires as a percentage of total headcount. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 49
Attracting top talent
Notes
Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte organization.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 49]
Building better futures | 49 Attracting top talent Notes Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte organization. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 50
Developing top talent
Notes
Monetary figures are in US$. Training hours do not include on-the-job digital learning hours that are a core aspect of
development at Deloitte. Average direct training investments per individual represent data collection from all Deloitte firms.
Indirect training cost is the opportunity cost based on estimates of the value of time spent in formal learning.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 50]
Building better futures | 50 Developing top talent Notes Monetary figures are in US$. Training hours do not include on-the-job digital learning hours that are a core aspect of development at Deloitte. Average direct training investments per individual represent data collection from all Deloitte firms. Indirect training cost is the opportunity cost based on estimates of the value of time spent in formal learning. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 51
Locations of Deloitte University facilities
Notes
Two additional Deloitte University locations are under construction.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 51]
Building better futures | 51 Locations of Deloitte University facilities Notes Two additional Deloitte University locations are under construction. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 52
Social
From equity in education and health, to equity and inclusion
at work, to meeting urgent needs related to humanitarian
crises, we actively engage in addressing and creating
solutions to the most pressing challenges facing society.
These challenges are deeply human, impact billions of
people, and require long-term, transformative system
solutions. They cannot be solved by any single individual or
organization. Deloitte’s approach is to help lead the way and
inspire powerful collaborations that enable our people to
work with clients and community organizations on shared
solutions.
Over the past year, we have invested our and skills development, climate action,
know-how and resources, and our people humanitarian responses, and the most
have invested their time through pro bono pressing needs in our local communities.
work and volunteering, to tackle systemic We are also focused on supporting and
problems in communities around the developing our 457,000 people around
world. To further scale and accelerate the world, including addressing these
these efforts, Deloitte has made a challenges within our organization.
worldwide commitment to invest more Deloitte continues to provide career
than US$3 billion over the next 10 years in opportunities, resources, and an inclusive
societal impact initiatives. We are culture to help our people thrive.
committed to investing in education
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 52]
Building better futures | 52 Social From equity in education and health, to equity and inclusion at work, to meeting urgent needs related to humanitarian crises, we actively engage in addressing and creating solutions to the most pressing challenges facing society. These challenges are deeply human, impact billions of people, and require long-term, transformative system solutions. They cannot be solved by any single individual or organization. Deloitte’s approach is to help lead the way and inspire powerful collaborations that enable our people to work with clients and community organizations on shared solutions. Over the past year, we have invested our and skills development, climate action, know-how and resources, and our people humanitarian responses, and the most have invested their time through pro bono pressing needs in our local communities. work and volunteering, to tackle systemic We are also focused on supporting and problems in communities around the developing our 457,000 people around world. To further scale and accelerate the world, including addressing these these efforts, Deloitte has made a challenges within our organization. worldwide commitment to invest more Deloitte continues to provide career than US$3 billion over the next 10 years in opportunities, resources, and an inclusive societal impact initiatives. We are culture to help our people thrive. committed to investing in education BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 53
Societal impact While our WorldClassambition is marked by the Advancing societal impact across our
scale of our 100 million goal, it’s the life- ecosystem
changing impact on individuals that inspires this
Empowering 100 million people through Collaborating on shared solutions helps enable
work. For instance, by supporting the Pan
education and skills us to make an even greater impact. Our people
African Robotics Competition through pro bono
thrive when working with clients and
Young people are the innovators, consulting services, Deloitte Africa is helping
collaborators from other businesses, nonprofits,
entrepreneurs, and business leaders of the more young people like Marèmefrom Senegal
and non-governmental organizations to cofuture. They will need new skills to help us meet to cultivate the science, technology, engineering,
create transformative approaches.
the complex challenges of tomorrow. And yet, and mathematics skills vital to innovation.
millions of people around the world are held Alongside Udayan Care, Deloitte India offers We empower our people to lead the way on
back from achieving their full potential. young women like Kajalscholarships, career addressing the long-term challenges facing
Education and skills lay the foundation for guidance, and mentoring—which has enabled society, putting their drive, desire, and energy to
opportunity and progress—and create better Kajal to attend college and pursue a life- work. Deloitte has continued to expand on our
futures. Deloitte is investing in innovative changing career as a journalist. collaborationwith One Young World (OYW) to
approaches to support education, digital skills help develop young professionals into future
Across the world, Deloitte is providing
development, and training opportunities to help leaders. Each year, Deloitte sends approximately
mentorship and skills training to support
more people succeed in the modern economy. 70 young leaders to the OYW Summit, including
refugees such as Nazanin, who now calls Italy
Deloitte people and social innovators. In 2023,
Deloitte’s WorldClassambition is to impact 100 home after being forced to flee Afghanistan. She
Deloitte was proud to sponsor two OYW
million people by 2030 through programs and is learning Italian and developing the skills
Lead2030 Challenges, impactful youth-led
collaborations with leading education and skills needed to become an integral part of her new
initiatives focused on quality education and
building organizations. We are working with community. And in the US, Deloitte is
climate action. Through these challenges,
Deloitte clients, governments, innovators, collaborating with Braven to empower
Deloitte provides US$50,000 grants, pro bono
schools, universities, and nonprofits around the underrepresented young people like Latrelwith
support, and mentorship to social innovators
world. Deloitte donates funds, and our people the skills, networks, experiences, and
developing bold, meaningful solutions.
volunteer their time and capabilities, to support confidence needed to transition from college to
millions of students, teachers, and education strong first jobs.
leaders worldwide. We are scaling solutions that
have helped to propel 57 million individuals
forward since 2017, including 24 million during
FY2023.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 53]
Building better futures | 53 Societal impact While our WorldClassambition is marked by the Advancing societal impact across our scale of our 100 million goal, it’s the life- ecosystem changing impact on individuals that inspires this Empowering 100 million people through Collaborating on shared solutions helps enable work. For instance, by supporting the Pan education and skills us to make an even greater impact. Our people African Robotics Competition through pro bono thrive when working with clients and Young people are the innovators, consulting services, Deloitte Africa is helping collaborators from other businesses, nonprofits, entrepreneurs, and business leaders of the more young people like Marèmefrom Senegal and non-governmental organizations to co- future. They will need new skills to help us meet to cultivate the science, technology, engineering, create transformative approaches. the complex challenges of tomorrow. And yet, and mathematics skills vital to innovation. millions of people around the world are held Alongside Udayan Care, Deloitte India offers We empower our people to lead the way on back from achieving their full potential. young women like Kajalscholarships, career addressing the long-term challenges facing Education and skills lay the foundation for guidance, and mentoring—which has enabled society, putting their drive, desire, and energy to opportunity and progress—and create better Kajal to attend college and pursue a life- work. Deloitte has continued to expand on our futures. Deloitte is investing in innovative changing career as a journalist. collaborationwith One Young World (OYW) to approaches to support education, digital skills help develop young professionals into future Across the world, Deloitte is providing development, and training opportunities to help leaders. Each year, Deloitte sends approximately mentorship and skills training to support more people succeed in the modern economy. 70 young leaders to the OYW Summit, including refugees such as Nazanin, who now calls Italy Deloitte people and social innovators. In 2023, Deloitte’s WorldClassambition is to impact 100 home after being forced to flee Afghanistan. She Deloitte was proud to sponsor two OYW million people by 2030 through programs and is learning Italian and developing the skills Lead2030 Challenges, impactful youth-led collaborations with leading education and skills needed to become an integral part of her new initiatives focused on quality education and building organizations. We are working with community. And in the US, Deloitte is climate action. Through these challenges, Deloitte clients, governments, innovators, collaborating with Braven to empower Deloitte provides US$50,000 grants, pro bono schools, universities, and nonprofits around the underrepresented young people like Latrelwith support, and mentorship to social innovators world. Deloitte donates funds, and our people the skills, networks, experiences, and developing bold, meaningful solutions. volunteer their time and capabilities, to support confidence needed to transition from college to millions of students, teachers, and education strong first jobs. leaders worldwide. We are scaling solutions that have helped to propel 57 million individuals forward since 2017, including 24 million during FY2023. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 54
Our focus on creating a more equitable society They are joined by a cohort of Deloitte- Helping those impacted by humanitarian
also includes our efforts around the Deloitte sponsored athletes, which is set to grow with crises
Health Equity Institutes(DHEIs). During the past further Deloitte people being added. From gold
In the face of humanitarian crises, Deloitte has
year, we launched DHEIs in Europe and Spanish medalist Paralympians who have broken world
responded with meaningful support for our
Latin America to complement our established records, to an Olympic hopeful in breaking, one
people and the communities impacted. As the
DHEIs in Africa, India and the US. Each of the of the Olympic Games’ newest sports, the dualwar in Ukraine continues, Deloitte and our
DHEIs advances an array of cross-sector career members of Team Deloitte represent 14
people are supporting Ukrainians through
collaborations, philanthropic investments, and countries in 15 different sports. This
financial donations, pro bono services, and
research activities. In addition, Deloitte is extraordinary group of Deloitte people and elite
volunteer work. For example, Deloitte Poland’s
honored to be a signatory of the Zero Health athletes exemplifies the unique qualities
Ukraine Refugee Pulse report, which focused on
Gaps Pledge, the first global, multi-sector, CEO- required to succeed in both sport and business.
gathering insights into how to support refugees
level pledge to help advance health equity,
In the spirit of that duality and as part of more effectively, has helped inform the
which was launched by the Global Health Equity
Deloitte’s management consulting partnership response to this crisis by Polish national and
Network at the 2023 World Economic Forum
with the IOC, we will work with the IOC on the local government, international organizations,
Annual Meeting in Davos.
development of programs and initiatives related NGOs, and businesses.
During the past year, we also furthered Deloitte to athlete support. These include the Athlete365
Deloitte Central Europe and Deloitte Poland
and the International Olympic Committee’s Mentoring program, which seeks to support a
have provided pro bono advisory services to the
(IOC’s) “partnership with purpose,” which applies cohort of Olympian and Paralympian mentees in
Ministry of Family and Social Policy in Poland,
Deloitte’s deep management and business their career transitions from elite sport. Eleven
delivering a transformation strategy for the
consulting acumen to help the IOC realize the retired Olympians and Paralympians at Deloitte
country’s Public Employment Services (PES). By
possibilities of its Olympic Agenda 2020+5 and are participating in this program and look
offering services that answer the needs of the
drive initiatives related to sustainability, forward to sharing their experiences and giving
refugees, PES will be able to help facilitate
diversity, equity, and inclusion, and athlete back to the athlete community and the Olympic
greater access to the labor market. Deloitte has
career transition and well-being. We also and Paralympic Movement.
also supported clients in making an impact. For
recently announced the first-ever global Team
example, Deloitte Ukraine swiftly stepped up to
Deloitte, a group of 19 Deloitte people who are
provide pro bono legal help to Eurocar as it
also elite athletes training to qualify for the
converted a manufacturing facility into a
Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024.
humanitarian aid warehouse.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 54]
Building better futures | 54 Our focus on creating a more equitable society They are joined by a cohort of Deloitte- Helping those impacted by humanitarian also includes our efforts around the Deloitte sponsored athletes, which is set to grow with crises Health Equity Institutes(DHEIs). During the past further Deloitte people being added. From gold In the face of humanitarian crises, Deloitte has year, we launched DHEIs in Europe and Spanish medalist Paralympians who have broken world responded with meaningful support for our Latin America to complement our established records, to an Olympic hopeful in breaking, one people and the communities impacted. As the DHEIs in Africa, India and the US. Each of the of the Olympic Games’ newest sports, the dual- war in Ukraine continues, Deloitte and our DHEIs advances an array of cross-sector career members of Team Deloitte represent 14 people are supporting Ukrainians through collaborations, philanthropic investments, and countries in 15 different sports. This financial donations, pro bono services, and research activities. In addition, Deloitte is extraordinary group of Deloitte people and elite volunteer work. For example, Deloitte Poland’s honored to be a signatory of the Zero Health athletes exemplifies the unique qualities Ukraine Refugee Pulse report, which focused on Gaps Pledge, the first global, multi-sector, CEO- required to succeed in both sport and business. gathering insights into how to support refugees level pledge to help advance health equity, In the spirit of that duality and as part of more effectively, has helped inform the which was launched by the Global Health Equity Deloitte’s management consulting partnership response to this crisis by Polish national and Network at the 2023 World Economic Forum with the IOC, we will work with the IOC on the local government, international organizations, Annual Meeting in Davos. development of programs and initiatives related NGOs, and businesses. During the past year, we also furthered Deloitte to athlete support. These include the Athlete365 Deloitte Central Europe and Deloitte Poland and the International Olympic Committee’s Mentoring program, which seeks to support a have provided pro bono advisory services to the (IOC’s) “partnership with purpose,” which applies cohort of Olympian and Paralympian mentees in Ministry of Family and Social Policy in Poland, Deloitte’s deep management and business their career transitions from elite sport. Eleven delivering a transformation strategy for the consulting acumen to help the IOC realize the retired Olympians and Paralympians at Deloitte country’s Public Employment Services (PES). By possibilities of its Olympic Agenda 2020+5 and are participating in this program and look offering services that answer the needs of the drive initiatives related to sustainability, forward to sharing their experiences and giving refugees, PES will be able to help facilitate diversity, equity, and inclusion, and athlete back to the athlete community and the Olympic greater access to the labor market. Deloitte has career transition and well-being. We also and Paralympic Movement. also supported clients in making an impact. For recently announced the first-ever global Team example, Deloitte Ukraine swiftly stepped up to Deloitte, a group of 19 Deloitte people who are provide pro bono legal help to Eurocar as it also elite athletes training to qualify for the converted a manufacturing facility into a Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. humanitarian aid warehouse. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 55
In February 2023, the largest earthquake in
Turkey and Syria in over a century caused
massive destruction affecting nearly 15 million
people. More than eight months after the
devastation, millions of people continue to need
support, having lost their homes, belongings,
and livelihoods. Funding from Deloitte, along
with other donors, to the International
Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent
Societies (IFRC) is helping to support immediate
needs for first aid, shelter, food, and financial
assistance.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 55]
Building better futures | 55 In February 2023, the largest earthquake in Turkey and Syria in over a century caused massive destruction affecting nearly 15 million people. More than eight months after the devastation, millions of people continue to need support, having lost their homes, belongings, and livelihoods. Funding from Deloitte, along with other donors, to the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is helping to support immediate needs for first aid, shelter, food, and financial assistance. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 56
Health equity
Health equity is the fair and just
opportunity for everyone to fulfill their
human potential in all aspects of health
and well-being. This overall state of wellbeing is influenced not just by access to
health care, but also by systemic and
unintentional bias and the conditions in
which people are born, grow, live, work,
and age—the social, economic, and
environmental drivers of health.
While history shows that global society has
made tremendous strides in extending average
life expectancy, historically marginalized
communities are still more likely to experience
worse health outcomes than the overall
population. These health inequities are being
exacerbated by climate change, forced
migration, the rising cost of living, and the
continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Achieving health equity is a complex, global
challenge—one where many organizations have
a role to play, including Deloitte.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 56]
Building better futures | 56 Health equity Health equity is the fair and just opportunity for everyone to fulfill their human potential in all aspects of health and well-being. This overall state of well- being is influenced not just by access to health care, but also by systemic and unintentional bias and the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age—the social, economic, and environmental drivers of health. While history shows that global society has made tremendous strides in extending average life expectancy, historically marginalized communities are still more likely to experience worse health outcomes than the overall population. These health inequities are being exacerbated by climate change, forced migration, the rising cost of living, and the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Achieving health equity is a complex, global challenge—one where many organizations have a role to play, including Deloitte. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 57
A global commitment While achieving a world with zero health gaps is initiative to help address mental health in rural
an immense challenge, we believe health equity and remote communities.
Deloitte is honored to be among the growing list
is an essential element in making a sustainable
of approximately 80 signatories of the Zero The India DHEI is working to support mental
future for humanity a reality. Deloitte is
Health Gaps Pledge, the first global, multi- health and well-being by mobilizing resources
committed to activating our clients, resources,
sector, CEO-level pledge to help advance health for local health care practitioners to help close
and communities to help reach this goal.
equity. Launched by the Global Health Equity the treatment gap, reduce the stigma
Network (GHEN) at the 2023 World Economic surrounding diagnosis and treatment of mental
Addressing health concerns around the
Forum (WEF) Annual Meeting in Davos, the ill-health, and ultimately improve quality of life.
world
pledge aligns with Deloitte’s Purpose, to make The India DHEI’s report, Mental health and wellan impact that matters, and with our goal of Over the past year, Deloitte firms have taken being in the workplace, takes a closer look at
achieving health equity across our organization, action to advance progress toward the goal of how mental health and well-being have the
offerings, communities, and ecosystem globally. zero health gaps through the Deloitte Health potential to make a significant impact on
Equity Institutes (DHEIs). In addition to the employees, and makes the case for change. In
The pledge includes 10 key commitments for
established DHEIs in Africa, India, and the US, addition, the India DHEI is extending the
CEOs to embed health equity principles
we recently launched DHEIs in Europe and “Expand the Ward” model to help address the
throughout their operations, workforce, and
Spanish Latin America (S-LATAM). Each of the topic of maternal and child anemia. This year,
guiding philosophies. Pledge commitments
DHEIs advances an array of cross-sector the India DHEI implemented the model in three
include supporting strong diversity, equity, and
collaborations, philanthropic investments, and communities; anemia levels subsequently
inclusion programs; providing accessible highresearch activity. These initiatives are unified by dropped by 23% over the following three
quality health and mental health services;
our global mission and focused on the unique months, against the government target of 3% in
paying employees across the supply chain a
health challenges in their respective regions. one year.
living wage; and investing in safe living
environments. The Africa DHEI is working to help reduce health Additionally, the India DHEI engaged in advocacy
disparities across the continent through research reports to identify and document the
Deloitte has worked closely with WEF over the
collaborations with key policymakers and social determinants of health for vulnerable
past several years to establish and lead the
players in the life sciences and pharmaceutical groups in the country. This research provided
GHEN, a network that mobilizes executive
industries. Earlier this year, the Africa DHEI deep insights into health care behaviors and
leaders across sectors and geographies to
published Improving access to health care in access vulnerabilities of gig-workers and the
commit to prioritizing health equity. Deloitte
Africa, a report that examines these disparities unemployed population and made policy
Global CEO Joe Ucuzoglu serves as co-chair of
and highlights innovative approaches to tackling recommendations to help make health care
the GHEN.
them. The Africa DHEI is also developing an more inclusive for these groups.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 57]
Building better futures | 57 A global commitment While achieving a world with zero health gaps is initiative to help address mental health in rural an immense challenge, we believe health equity and remote communities. Deloitte is honored to be among the growing list is an essential element in making a sustainable of approximately 80 signatories of the Zero The India DHEI is working to support mental future for humanity a reality. Deloitte is Health Gaps Pledge, the first global, multi- health and well-being by mobilizing resources committed to activating our clients, resources, sector, CEO-level pledge to help advance health for local health care practitioners to help close and communities to help reach this goal. equity. Launched by the Global Health Equity the treatment gap, reduce the stigma Network (GHEN) at the 2023 World Economic surrounding diagnosis and treatment of mental Addressing health concerns around the Forum (WEF) Annual Meeting in Davos, the ill-health, and ultimately improve quality of life. world pledge aligns with Deloitte’s Purpose, to make The India DHEI’s report, Mental health and well- an impact that matters, and with our goal of Over the past year, Deloitte firms have taken being in the workplace, takes a closer look at achieving health equity across our organization, action to advance progress toward the goal of how mental health and well-being have the offerings, communities, and ecosystem globally. zero health gaps through the Deloitte Health potential to make a significant impact on Equity Institutes (DHEIs). In addition to the employees, and makes the case for change. In The pledge includes 10 key commitments for established DHEIs in Africa, India, and the US, addition, the India DHEI is extending the CEOs to embed health equity principles we recently launched DHEIs in Europe and “Expand the Ward” model to help address the throughout their operations, workforce, and Spanish Latin America (S-LATAM). Each of the topic of maternal and child anemia. This year, guiding philosophies. Pledge commitments DHEIs advances an array of cross-sector the India DHEI implemented the model in three include supporting strong diversity, equity, and collaborations, philanthropic investments, and communities; anemia levels subsequently inclusion programs; providing accessible high- research activity. These initiatives are unified by dropped by 23% over the following three quality health and mental health services; our global mission and focused on the unique months, against the government target of 3% in paying employees across the supply chain a health challenges in their respective regions. one year. living wage; and investing in safe living environments. The Africa DHEI is working to help reduce health Additionally, the India DHEI engaged in advocacy disparities across the continent through research reports to identify and document the Deloitte has worked closely with WEF over the collaborations with key policymakers and social determinants of health for vulnerable past several years to establish and lead the players in the life sciences and pharmaceutical groups in the country. This research provided GHEN, a network that mobilizes executive industries. Earlier this year, the Africa DHEI deep insights into health care behaviors and leaders across sectors and geographies to published Improving access to health care in access vulnerabilities of gig-workers and the commit to prioritizing health equity. Deloitte Africa, a report that examines these disparities unemployed population and made policy Global CEO Joe Ucuzoglu serves as co-chair of and highlights innovative approaches to tackling recommendations to help make health care the GHEN. them. The Africa DHEI is also developing an more inclusive for these groups. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 58
The US DHEI has established more than 25 to highlight and reduce inequities in cancer. The Mexico and a pharmaceutical company with
collaborations across the public, private, and European DHEI collaborated with Mind & products for diabetes diagnosis and treatment,
social sectors to further its mission to advance Scottish Association for Mental Health to create to design a model focused on providing
health equity for those with some of the an interactive mental health cost calculator. By diabetes patients with more access to diagnosis
greatest needs. These collaborations are inputting organizational data, employers can and treatment.
designed to activate decision-makers to take better understand the true cost of poor mental
action, advance health equity in communities, health, compare their results to industry Looking ahead
and drive innovation and learning through the averages, and learn more about
The DHEIs continue to advance critical insights
use of data and analytics tools and research. For recommendations for investing in their
and understanding in their regions, as well as
example, the US DHEI’scollaboration with employees’ well-being and mental health.
establish cross-sector collaborations,
UnidosUS, the largest Hispanic civil rights and
The S-LATAM DHEI also launched this year, with philanthropic investments, and research activity
advocacy organization in the US, will help
an initial focus on lung cancer, reproductive to raise awareness and spur action. Efforts over
provide equitable mental and oral health care
health, and diabetes—all critical health the past year, including the launch of two new
access for Latino children. Driving Health Equity
concerns impacting the population in Latin DHEIs, lay the foundation for expanding the
in the Workforce, a US DHEI collaboration with
America.The S-LATAM DHEI collaborated with impact of the DHEIs and accelerating progress
the American Heart Association (AHA) and the
Novartis to publish Take heart and stop the toward global health equity.
Society for Human Resources (SHRM)
silent killer, a report designed to increase
Foundation, is supporting AHA’s creation of a Learn more about the DHEIs.
awareness of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular
roadmap of tools, resources, and knowledge
Disease (ASCVD) in the region. The S-LATAM
products to help improve health and well-being Greg Reh
DHEI, in collaboration with a pharmaceutical Deloitte Global Life Sciences & Health Care Industry
for 10 million members of the US workforce.
company dedicated to women’s health, the leader
The US DHEI is also collaborating with
Yucatan Government in Mexico, and the United grreh@deloitte.com
organizations like New Profit and Echoing Green
Nations Population Fund, designed a
to support social entrepreneurs who are
sustainable and innovative financing model to
developing innovative solutions to the direct
help reduce unplanned teenage pregnancies in
and upstream causes of health inequities across
the Yucatan area of Mexico. With those lessons
the nation.
learned, the S-LATAM DHEI is also collaborating
Launched earlier this year, the European DHEI is with the Bolivar Government in Colombia to
focusing its work on mental health, particularly address the same health challenge. Finally, the
in children and young people, as well as efforts DHEI is working, along with one of the states in
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 58]
Building better futures | 58 The US DHEI has established more than 25 to highlight and reduce inequities in cancer. The Mexico and a pharmaceutical company with collaborations across the public, private, and European DHEI collaborated with Mind & products for diabetes diagnosis and treatment, social sectors to further its mission to advance Scottish Association for Mental Health to create to design a model focused on providing health equity for those with some of the an interactive mental health cost calculator. By diabetes patients with more access to diagnosis greatest needs. These collaborations are inputting organizational data, employers can and treatment. designed to activate decision-makers to take better understand the true cost of poor mental action, advance health equity in communities, health, compare their results to industry Looking ahead and drive innovation and learning through the averages, and learn more about The DHEIs continue to advance critical insights use of data and analytics tools and research. For recommendations for investing in their and understanding in their regions, as well as example, the US DHEI’scollaboration with employees’ well-being and mental health. establish cross-sector collaborations, UnidosUS, the largest Hispanic civil rights and The S-LATAM DHEI also launched this year, with philanthropic investments, and research activity advocacy organization in the US, will help an initial focus on lung cancer, reproductive to raise awareness and spur action. Efforts over provide equitable mental and oral health care health, and diabetes—all critical health the past year, including the launch of two new access for Latino children. Driving Health Equity concerns impacting the population in Latin DHEIs, lay the foundation for expanding the in the Workforce, a US DHEI collaboration with America.The S-LATAM DHEI collaborated with impact of the DHEIs and accelerating progress the American Heart Association (AHA) and the Novartis to publish Take heart and stop the toward global health equity. Society for Human Resources (SHRM) silent killer, a report designed to increase Foundation, is supporting AHA’s creation of a Learn more about the DHEIs. awareness of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular roadmap of tools, resources, and knowledge Disease (ASCVD) in the region. The S-LATAM products to help improve health and well-being Greg Reh DHEI, in collaboration with a pharmaceutical Deloitte Global Life Sciences & Health Care Industry for 10 million members of the US workforce. company dedicated to women’s health, the leader The US DHEI is also collaborating with Yucatan Government in Mexico, and the United grreh@deloitte.com organizations like New Profit and Echoing Green Nations Population Fund, designed a to support social entrepreneurs who are sustainable and innovative financing model to developing innovative solutions to the direct help reduce unplanned teenage pregnancies in and upstream causes of health inequities across the Yucatan area of Mexico. With those lessons the nation. learned, the S-LATAM DHEI is also collaborating Launched earlier this year, the European DHEI is with the Bolivar Government in Colombia to focusing its work on mental health, particularly address the same health challenge. Finally, the in children and young people, as well as efforts DHEI is working, along with one of the states in BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 59
Humanitarian response
Deloitte responds to humanitarian crises and volunteer work, including research and In June 2023, Deloitte Ukraine initiated a
with swift and meaningful support for our insights into some of the most effective ways to fundraising campaign to assist those affected by
help support refugees. Following the Russian the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam
people and the communities impacted.
invasion of Ukraine, millions of Ukrainian explosion, which caused one of the largest
Guided by our Purpose and Shared
citizens crossed the Polish border and a water reservoirs in Ukraine to flood into nearby
Values, Deloitte is prepared to mobilize
significant number decided to stay in Poland. regions. In addition to funding from Deloitte
our organization to move quickly and
Deloitte Poland’s Ukraine Refugee Pulse report, Ukraine, many Deloitte Ukraine people also
bring the strength of our resources to which focused on gathering insights into how to contributed individually, helping to raise funds
bear globally. During the past year, we support refugees more effectively, has helped needed to purchase equipment for rescue
continued to provide assistance to the inform the response to this crisis by Polish operations in the affected region, as well as to
national and local government, international support reconstruction efforts.
people of Ukraine through a range of
organizations, NGOs, and businesses.
initiatives, as well as helping to support Deloitte firms have also worked with clients to
the humanitarian needs of those Deloitte Central Europe, including Deloitte help them make an impact. For example,
Poland, has provided pro bono advisory services Deloitte Ukraine provided pro bono legal
impacted by the earthquake in Turkey and
to the Ministry of Family and Social Policy (MFSP) services to Eurocar as the company converted a
Syria, the earthquake in Morocco, and the
in Poland, delivering a transformation strategy manufacturing facility into one of the largest
flooding in Libya. Since the start of
to help the country’s Public Employment humanitarian logistics hubs in Ukraine.
FY2023, Deloitte has supported 17 local
Services (PES) address the refugee crisis.
humanitarian and disaster relief Drawing on labor market analysis and a review
responses in communities around the of leading practices from other countries in
world. Europe, Deloitte Poland identified strategic
options to support PES in offering services that
Support for Ukraine help answer the needs of refugees and facilitate
greater access to the labor market.Deloitte
As the Russia-Ukraine war continues, Deloitte
Poland has also provided organizational support
has demonstrated unwavering solidarity and
for the Green Line, the MFSP’s refugee helpline,
support for Ukrainians. We as an organization,
and supported contact center services with
and many of our people individually, have
IRENA, Deloitte Central Europe’s chatbot app.
provided financial donations, pro bono services,
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 59]
Building better futures | 59 Humanitarian response Deloitte responds to humanitarian crises and volunteer work, including research and In June 2023, Deloitte Ukraine initiated a with swift and meaningful support for our insights into some of the most effective ways to fundraising campaign to assist those affected by help support refugees. Following the Russian the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam people and the communities impacted. invasion of Ukraine, millions of Ukrainian explosion, which caused one of the largest Guided by our Purpose and Shared citizens crossed the Polish border and a water reservoirs in Ukraine to flood into nearby Values, Deloitte is prepared to mobilize significant number decided to stay in Poland. regions. In addition to funding from Deloitte our organization to move quickly and Deloitte Poland’s Ukraine Refugee Pulse report, Ukraine, many Deloitte Ukraine people also bring the strength of our resources to which focused on gathering insights into how to contributed individually, helping to raise funds bear globally. During the past year, we support refugees more effectively, has helped needed to purchase equipment for rescue continued to provide assistance to the inform the response to this crisis by Polish operations in the affected region, as well as to national and local government, international support reconstruction efforts. people of Ukraine through a range of organizations, NGOs, and businesses. initiatives, as well as helping to support Deloitte firms have also worked with clients to the humanitarian needs of those Deloitte Central Europe, including Deloitte help them make an impact. For example, Poland, has provided pro bono advisory services Deloitte Ukraine provided pro bono legal impacted by the earthquake in Turkey and to the Ministry of Family and Social Policy (MFSP) services to Eurocar as the company converted a Syria, the earthquake in Morocco, and the in Poland, delivering a transformation strategy manufacturing facility into one of the largest flooding in Libya. Since the start of to help the country’s Public Employment humanitarian logistics hubs in Ukraine. FY2023, Deloitte has supported 17 local Services (PES) address the refugee crisis. humanitarian and disaster relief Drawing on labor market analysis and a review responses in communities around the of leading practices from other countries in world. Europe, Deloitte Poland identified strategic options to support PES in offering services that Support for Ukraine help answer the needs of refugees and facilitate greater access to the labor market.Deloitte As the Russia-Ukraine war continues, Deloitte Poland has also provided organizational support has demonstrated unwavering solidarity and for the Green Line, the MFSP’s refugee helpline, support for Ukrainians. We as an organization, and supported contact center services with and many of our people individually, have IRENA, Deloitte Central Europe’s chatbot app. provided financial donations, pro bono services, BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 60
The Deloitte Ukraine team created a legal war, the organization shifted to provide critically Thousands of volunteers and workers in Turkey
framework for the hub’s operations, including needed humanitarian support services to and Syria have been on the ground since day
legal cooperation between key stakeholders Ukrainians across the country. Deloitte US’s pro one, supporting the communities affected.
such as the affiliated charitable foundation, bono work with HealthRight focused on Funding from Deloitte, along with other donors,
donors, and the Regional State and Military enhancing essential operational and risk to the International Federation of the Red Cross
Administration. The Financial TimesInnovative management activities surrounding and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is helping to
Lawyers report commended Deloitte Ukraine HealthRight’sUkraine programs. support immediate needs for first aid, shelter,
for this impactful humanitarian initiative. food, and financial assistance. We thank the
Responding to the earthquake in Turkey Deloitte people who have given personally to
Deloitte Ukraine also continues to provide
and Syria the IFRC and other humanitarian response
assurance services, on a pro bono basis, to
organizations, as well those who have engaged
UNITED24, an initiative launched by the In February 2023, the largest earthquake in
in on-the-ground volunteer efforts, to support
President of Ukraine as a platform for collecting Turkey and Syria in over a century caused
the response.
charitable donations in support of Ukraine. The massive destruction. In total, more than 14.7
platform enables organizations and individuals million people were affected, approximately
Van Zorbas
to donate money to a range of efforts, including 60,000 people lost their lives, and millions were
Deloitte Global Chief Purpose Officer
humanitarian needs, rebuilding infrastructure, displaced. Deloitte Turkey and other Deloitte vzorbas@deloitte.ca
and supporting hospitals and healthcare. firms in the region moved quickly to help
StashaSantifort
address the essential needs of Deloitte people
Deloitte US provided pro bono consulting Deloitte Global Purpose and Social Impact Leader
and their families who were impacted. Deloitte
ssantifort@deloitte.com
services over the last year to HealthRight
people in the region also participated as
International, an NGO that helps to expand
volunteers in search and rescue activities and
equitable access to quality health systems for
helped to provide aid to those affected by the
marginalized communities. HealthRight has
tragedy. More than eight months after the
been working to help build accessible, equitable
devastation, millions of people continue to need
systems of care in Ukraine since 2005, providing
assistance, having lost their homes, belongings,
housing, health care, and social support to over
and livelihoods. Entire communities, and even
1.2 million people affected by violence
cities, have been forced to start over.
throughout the country. Since the start of the
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 60]
Building better futures | 60 The Deloitte Ukraine team created a legal war, the organization shifted to provide critically Thousands of volunteers and workers in Turkey framework for the hub’s operations, including needed humanitarian support services to and Syria have been on the ground since day legal cooperation between key stakeholders Ukrainians across the country. Deloitte US’s pro one, supporting the communities affected. such as the affiliated charitable foundation, bono work with HealthRight focused on Funding from Deloitte, along with other donors, donors, and the Regional State and Military enhancing essential operational and risk to the International Federation of the Red Cross Administration. The Financial TimesInnovative management activities surrounding and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is helping to Lawyers report commended Deloitte Ukraine HealthRight’sUkraine programs. support immediate needs for first aid, shelter, for this impactful humanitarian initiative. food, and financial assistance. We thank the Responding to the earthquake in Turkey Deloitte people who have given personally to Deloitte Ukraine also continues to provide and Syria the IFRC and other humanitarian response assurance services, on a pro bono basis, to organizations, as well those who have engaged UNITED24, an initiative launched by the In February 2023, the largest earthquake in in on-the-ground volunteer efforts, to support President of Ukraine as a platform for collecting Turkey and Syria in over a century caused the response. charitable donations in support of Ukraine. The massive destruction. In total, more than 14.7 platform enables organizations and individuals million people were affected, approximately Van Zorbas to donate money to a range of efforts, including 60,000 people lost their lives, and millions were Deloitte Global Chief Purpose Officer humanitarian needs, rebuilding infrastructure, displaced. Deloitte Turkey and other Deloitte vzorbas@deloitte.ca and supporting hospitals and healthcare. firms in the region moved quickly to help StashaSantifort address the essential needs of Deloitte people Deloitte US provided pro bono consulting Deloitte Global Purpose and Social Impact Leader and their families who were impacted. Deloitte ssantifort@deloitte.com services over the last year to HealthRight people in the region also participated as International, an NGO that helps to expand volunteers in search and rescue activities and equitable access to quality health systems for helped to provide aid to those affected by the marginalized communities. HealthRight has tragedy. More than eight months after the been working to help build accessible, equitable devastation, millions of people continue to need systems of care in Ukraine since 2005, providing assistance, having lost their homes, belongings, housing, health care, and social support to over and livelihoods. Entire communities, and even 1.2 million people affected by violence cities, have been forced to start over. throughout the country. Since the start of the BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 61
Our people accelerating agility and innovation, We have also continued to expand our
strengthening capabilities around critical investment in Deloitte University (DU), the
challenges facing Deloitte clients and our global cornerstone of our organization’s commitment
Enabling our people to make an impact
society, and delivering tech-focused reskilling to leadership development and technical
throughout their career journeys
that rides the wave of innovation sweeping training for Deloitte people around the world.
As a global organization built on intellectual across so many aspects of life. This includes hot Since opening the Westlake, Texas location in
curiosity and creative problem-solving, skills training around AI, cloud, and cyber, as 2011, we’ve launched additional facilities in
supporting and developing our most valuable well as “hiring to train” programs where future Brussels, Hyderabad, Mexico City, Singapore,
assets—our people—is our top priority. The Deloitte people gain the credentials and on-the- and Toronto, and have new sites under
Deloitte GlobalGen Z and Millennial Survey job experiences they need to help them construction in Beijing and Paris. In 2023 we
shows how the disruptive events of the last few succeed in future roles. also broke ground on a significant expansion of
years have shaped the lives and views of these the original facility in Texas. Being together for
Deloitte is working to transform the future of
generations, leaving them concerned about “moments that matter” is critical as we develop
L&D through initiatives such as Project 120, a
their professional futures. They seek flexibility the next generation of leaders, as well as
US$1.4 billion strategic investment in the growth
and prioritize mental health—along with a create—and strengthen—the connections that
and development of our people. With a name
healthy balance between work and life, career are so important to succeeding in a global
inspired by the top speed of thought—120
advancement, and feeling a genuine sense of organization serving multinational clients.
meters per second—Deloitte US’s Project 120 is
purpose and connection. Deloitte is committed
designed to identify professionals’ evolving
to supporting our 457,000 people around the
needs and anticipate market demands, in order
world with meaningful and challenging work,
to provide dynamic learning experiences
development opportunities and resources
customized to the individual and delivered in
throughout their careers, an inclusive culture to
the flow of work. During the past year, Deloitte
help them thrive, and competitive, marketalso hosted our first-ever Global Sustainability
based compensation and benefits.
and Climate Learning Week, a multi-modal
With market realities and client needs changing experience that offered our people a mix of live,
rapidly, driven largely by advances in artificial on-demand, and virtual opportunities for
intelligence (AI) and other technologies, learning education, awareness, engagement, and action.
and development (L&D) is key. We continue to
evolve our approach, with a focus on
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 61]
Building better futures | 61 Our people accelerating agility and innovation, We have also continued to expand our strengthening capabilities around critical investment in Deloitte University (DU), the challenges facing Deloitte clients and our global cornerstone of our organization’s commitment Enabling our people to make an impact society, and delivering tech-focused reskilling to leadership development and technical throughout their career journeys that rides the wave of innovation sweeping training for Deloitte people around the world. As a global organization built on intellectual across so many aspects of life. This includes hot Since opening the Westlake, Texas location in curiosity and creative problem-solving, skills training around AI, cloud, and cyber, as 2011, we’ve launched additional facilities in supporting and developing our most valuable well as “hiring to train” programs where future Brussels, Hyderabad, Mexico City, Singapore, assets—our people—is our top priority. The Deloitte people gain the credentials and on-the- and Toronto, and have new sites under Deloitte GlobalGen Z and Millennial Survey job experiences they need to help them construction in Beijing and Paris. In 2023 we shows how the disruptive events of the last few succeed in future roles. also broke ground on a significant expansion of years have shaped the lives and views of these the original facility in Texas. Being together for Deloitte is working to transform the future of generations, leaving them concerned about “moments that matter” is critical as we develop L&D through initiatives such as Project 120, a their professional futures. They seek flexibility the next generation of leaders, as well as US$1.4 billion strategic investment in the growth and prioritize mental health—along with a create—and strengthen—the connections that and development of our people. With a name healthy balance between work and life, career are so important to succeeding in a global inspired by the top speed of thought—120 advancement, and feeling a genuine sense of organization serving multinational clients. meters per second—Deloitte US’s Project 120 is purpose and connection. Deloitte is committed designed to identify professionals’ evolving to supporting our 457,000 people around the needs and anticipate market demands, in order world with meaningful and challenging work, to provide dynamic learning experiences development opportunities and resources customized to the individual and delivered in throughout their careers, an inclusive culture to the flow of work. During the past year, Deloitte help them thrive, and competitive, market- also hosted our first-ever Global Sustainability based compensation and benefits. and Climate Learning Week, a multi-modal With market realities and client needs changing experience that offered our people a mix of live, rapidly, driven largely by advances in artificial on-demand, and virtual opportunities for intelligence (AI) and other technologies, learning education, awareness, engagement, and action. and development (L&D) is key. We continue to evolve our approach, with a focus on BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 62
Providing an inclusive workplace where Additionally, Deloitte campaigns helped further
our people can thrive the conversation and promote everyday
inclusion in the societies around the world
Through Deloitte’s diversity, equity, and
where Deloitte operates. Deloitte’s International
inclusion (DEI) strategy, we seek to provide a
Women’s Day campaign, #ImAWomanAnd, was
workplace culture founded on respect and
a call to action for each of us to help stop the
characterized by inclusive behaviors and an
assumptions that are still too often made about
appreciation for all forms of diversity. Global DEI
women. Similarly, our World Mental Health Day
at Deloitte focuses not only on enabling our
campaignfocused on breaking down the selfpeople to live our Shared Values and thrive in a
reinforcing patterns—such as the standard
culture that is respectful and inclusive, but also
response “I’m fine” when asked how you’re
on designing and delivering targeted actions
doing—that can keep us from having candid
and interventions that can make a positive
conversations about mental health in the
impact when it comes to our aspirational DEI
workplace. Deloitte’s Pride celebration this year
goals. We provide an array of programing and
continued our theme of #QueerAllYear,
internal resources throughout the year to foster
emphasizing the importance of supporting
everyday inclusion and help Deloitte people feel
LGBT+ inclusion year-round.
more confident having conversations in the
workplace about diversity-related topics. To demonstrate our commitment to supporting
people with disabilities and individuals who are
Externally, Deloitte Global continues to publish
neurodivergent, Deloitte proudly signed the
research and practical insights into diversityInternational Labour Organization’s Global
related topics. During the past year, we
Business and Disability Network Charter. The
examined trends and developments related to
charter provides a comprehensive framework to
women’s equity in the workplace in Women @
help organizations achieve business success
Work: A Global Outlook, as well as in Policies for
while simultaneously creating equal
Change: Government Levers for Enabling
opportunities for people with disabilities and
Workplace Gender Equality. We also took a
neurodiverse individuals.
closer look at LGBT+ inclusion in the LGBT+
Inclusion at Work report, and mental health in
the Gen Z and Millennial Survey Mental Health
Deep Dive.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 62]
Building better futures | 62 Providing an inclusive workplace where Additionally, Deloitte campaigns helped further our people can thrive the conversation and promote everyday inclusion in the societies around the world Through Deloitte’s diversity, equity, and where Deloitte operates. Deloitte’s International inclusion (DEI) strategy, we seek to provide a Women’s Day campaign, #ImAWomanAnd, was workplace culture founded on respect and a call to action for each of us to help stop the characterized by inclusive behaviors and an assumptions that are still too often made about appreciation for all forms of diversity. Global DEI women. Similarly, our World Mental Health Day at Deloitte focuses not only on enabling our campaignfocused on breaking down the self- people to live our Shared Values and thrive in a reinforcing patterns—such as the standard culture that is respectful and inclusive, but also response “I’m fine” when asked how you’re on designing and delivering targeted actions doing—that can keep us from having candid and interventions that can make a positive conversations about mental health in the impact when it comes to our aspirational DEI workplace. Deloitte’s Pride celebration this year goals. We provide an array of programing and continued our theme of #QueerAllYear, internal resources throughout the year to foster emphasizing the importance of supporting everyday inclusion and help Deloitte people feel LGBT+ inclusion year-round. more confident having conversations in the workplace about diversity-related topics. To demonstrate our commitment to supporting people with disabilities and individuals who are Externally, Deloitte Global continues to publish neurodivergent, Deloitte proudly signed the research and practical insights into diversity- International Labour Organization’s Global related topics. During the past year, we Business and Disability Network Charter. The examined trends and developments related to charter provides a comprehensive framework to women’s equity in the workplace in Women @ help organizations achieve business success Work: A Global Outlook, as well as in Policies for while simultaneously creating equal Change: Government Levers for Enabling opportunities for people with disabilities and Workplace Gender Equality. We also took a neurodiverse individuals. closer look at LGBT+ inclusion in the LGBT+ Inclusion at Work report, and mental health in the Gen Z and Millennial Survey Mental Health Deep Dive. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 63
Learning and development
The rapid advancement of artificial to our ability to perform in today’s rapidly But that’s only part of the picture. Our strategy
intelligence (AI) and other technologies is changing environment. Mentors and coaches has shifted from thinking of learning and
support development journeys, including the development in terms of standard courses and
shifting market realities, the business
identification of opportunities to stretch and curricula toward reimagining them as
landscape, and client needs. In the face of
grow. An innovative example of this is Deloitte personalized experiences that help address
such swift and significant change, learning
UK’s Future Leaders Programme. More than 500 individual and business needs as they emerge.
and development (L&D) is essential. While
ethnic minority and women colleagues attended We believe this approach has a much bigger
L&D has long been at the core of our the program over nine months, completing learning effect and will prepare our people to
business and the talent experience we approximately 7,000 live learning hours, anticipate and adapt to the business
offer our people, we continue to evolve including training, peer learning, and networking opportunities on the horizon. It also fully
both within and outside of their businesses. supports delivery of learning in the flow of work.
our approach. During the past year, we
Across our network, Deloitte’s digital learning For example, Deloitte North and South Europe’s
focused on accelerating agility and
experience platform (CURA) has now been Skills Academy is designed to give new recruits
innovation, strengthening capabilities
rolled out to all geographies as part of our the same experience and the best start
around critical business and societal
Global Learning Ecosystem, delivering nearly 10 possible. The program assists recruits in their
challenges facing Deloitte clients and million e-learning experiences to our people in transition to Deloitte Audit & Assurance. It gives
society, and delivering tech-focused FY023. them the opportunity to work on live projects
reskilling to help enable our people to during the academy.
On top of that, our commitment to our inenhance their careers and guide Deloitte person learning and development facilities At the network level this is reflected in the
clients through these changing times. continues. Our Deloitte University (DU) footprint approach we took to embed Environmental,
is expanding around the globe, with two new Social, and Governance (ESG) skills by
Our focus on continuous and inclusive learning
facilities under construction: one in Beijing and developing and delivering an innovative and
starts with onboarding and continues
one just outside Paris, both planned to open in engaging learning week across the organization.
throughout each individual's career, whether
2024. We are also in the process of expanding We created common foundational, technical,
they take a specialist path or move on to a
our existing facilities. DU India opened a new and industry-level ESG learning assets.We also
senior leadership position. We recognize that
location in June 2022. And our US facility in formed relationships with educational
the ability to learn through day-to-day
Westlake, Texas, has also started a significant institutions so that our people have access to
experiences, as well as formal programs, is vital
expansion project. high-quality development in this new and
quickly evolving area.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 63]
Building better futures | 63 Learning and development The rapid advancement of artificial to our ability to perform in today’s rapidly But that’s only part of the picture. Our strategy intelligence (AI) and other technologies is changing environment. Mentors and coaches has shifted from thinking of learning and support development journeys, including the development in terms of standard courses and shifting market realities, the business identification of opportunities to stretch and curricula toward reimagining them as landscape, and client needs. In the face of grow. An innovative example of this is Deloitte personalized experiences that help address such swift and significant change, learning UK’s Future Leaders Programme. More than 500 individual and business needs as they emerge. and development (L&D) is essential. While ethnic minority and women colleagues attended We believe this approach has a much bigger L&D has long been at the core of our the program over nine months, completing learning effect and will prepare our people to business and the talent experience we approximately 7,000 live learning hours, anticipate and adapt to the business offer our people, we continue to evolve including training, peer learning, and networking opportunities on the horizon. It also fully both within and outside of their businesses. supports delivery of learning in the flow of work. our approach. During the past year, we Across our network, Deloitte’s digital learning For example, Deloitte North and South Europe’s focused on accelerating agility and experience platform (CURA) has now been Skills Academy is designed to give new recruits innovation, strengthening capabilities rolled out to all geographies as part of our the same experience and the best start around critical business and societal Global Learning Ecosystem, delivering nearly 10 possible. The program assists recruits in their challenges facing Deloitte clients and million e-learning experiences to our people in transition to Deloitte Audit & Assurance. It gives society, and delivering tech-focused FY023. them the opportunity to work on live projects reskilling to help enable our people to during the academy. On top of that, our commitment to our in- enhance their careers and guide Deloitte person learning and development facilities At the network level this is reflected in the clients through these changing times. continues. Our Deloitte University (DU) footprint approach we took to embed Environmental, is expanding around the globe, with two new Social, and Governance (ESG) skills by Our focus on continuous and inclusive learning facilities under construction: one in Beijing and developing and delivering an innovative and starts with onboarding and continues one just outside Paris, both planned to open in engaging learning week across the organization. throughout each individual's career, whether 2024. We are also in the process of expanding We created common foundational, technical, they take a specialist path or move on to a our existing facilities. DU India opened a new and industry-level ESG learning assets.We also senior leadership position. We recognize that location in June 2022. And our US facility in formed relationships with educational the ability to learn through day-to-day Westlake, Texas, has also started a significant institutions so that our people have access to experiences, as well as formal programs, is vital expansion project. high-quality development in this new and quickly evolving area. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 64
We are also designing a networkwide badging
approach to recognize and motivate our people
to develop new marketable skills through a
variety of learning sources. Another strong
example of our evolving growth and
development strategy is Deloitte US’s Project
120. Inspired by the top speed of thought (120
meters per second), Project 120 represents a
US$1.4 billion investment in transforming
Deloitte US’s approach to learning. Beginning
with technology and leadership development,
Project 120 is designed to anticipate the
evolving needs of Deloitte US professionals and
build experiences that meet them where they
are, helping them develop the capabilities they
need to deliverbetter outcomes for themselves,
Deloitte US clients, and society. Project 120 also
marks a fundamental shift from focusing solely
on professional skills to embracing the
individual’s needs more completely, so they can
fully thrive in business and in life. We’re excited
about the impact this program will have on our
people and Deloitte US clients. But more than
that, Project 120 exemplifies the ambition for
growth and development across Deloitte.
StevanRolls
Deloitte Global Chief Talent Officer
strolls@deloitte.dk
Lieven De Groodt
Deloitte Global Deloitte University leader
lidegroodt@deloitte.ca
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 64]
Building better futures | 64 We are also designing a networkwide badging approach to recognize and motivate our people to develop new marketable skills through a variety of learning sources. Another strong example of our evolving growth and development strategy is Deloitte US’s Project 120. Inspired by the top speed of thought (120 meters per second), Project 120 represents a US$1.4 billion investment in transforming Deloitte US’s approach to learning. Beginning with technology and leadership development, Project 120 is designed to anticipate the evolving needs of Deloitte US professionals and build experiences that meet them where they are, helping them develop the capabilities they need to deliverbetter outcomes for themselves, Deloitte US clients, and society. Project 120 also marks a fundamental shift from focusing solely on professional skills to embracing the individual’s needs more completely, so they can fully thrive in business and in life. We’re excited about the impact this program will have on our people and Deloitte US clients. But more than that, Project 120 exemplifies the ambition for growth and development across Deloitte. StevanRolls Deloitte Global Chief Talent Officer strolls@deloitte.dk Lieven De Groodt Deloitte Global Deloitte University leader lidegroodt@deloitte.ca BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 65
Disability inclusion and neurodiversity
Deloitte is focused on providing a their full career potential, as well as to support firstAccessibility Action Planin 2021 to reinforce
workplace environment in which all of our skills development and career progression in its commitment to the inclusion of people with
society at large. Resources developed by disabilities as well as those with different
people can thrive and reach their full
Deloitte Global include digital learning, accessibility needs. Additionally, Deloitte
career potential. Disability inclusion and
accessibility guidance (physical, digital, events, Thailandpartnered with the Social Innovation
neurodiversity are priority areas of
deliverables), critical factors to enable career Foundation in 2022 to help connect people with
Deloitte’s global diversity, equity, and
success for neurodivergent individuals, disabilities to jobs. Program registrants are
inclusion strategy—supported by guidance on workplace accommodations, return matched with organizations that can provide
Deloitte’s global focus on fostering an to work best practices guidance, and learning them with suitable employment. This helps to
inclusive workplace culture underpinned accessibility guidance. Deloitte also created a enable people with disabilities to perform duties
series of immersive experiences, including based on their capabilities and competencies,
by respect.
Natalia’s story, from the perspective of living and develop their work skills, and earn a living.
Deloitte is a proud signatory of the International working with a visual impairment; Robert’s story,
Many Deloitte firms are also committed to
Labour Organization’s Global Business and on navigating barriers with a physical disability;
funding scholarships and offering
Disability Network Charter, and is committed to and Sam’s story, which shares an autistic
apprenticeships to neurodivergent talent and
delivering against its 10 principles when it person’s day at the office. And Deloitte's awardthose with disabilities. Examples include Deloitte
comes to both disability inclusion and winningCan you see me?filmsof people from
Canada’s funding towardscholarships for law
neurodiversity; as such, Deloitte’s global underrepresented groups include Thiago, a
studentswith disabilities through the Legal
strategies for these important inclusion wheelchair user, and Delphine,an autistic
Leaders for Diversity and Inclusion (LLD)
priorities are aligned to delivering against each person.
scholarship fund and the Deloitte
of these principles.
Deloitte firms are also taking meaningful and USNeurodiversity@Deloitte programconsisting
Deloitte’s approach to disability inclusion and impactful actions to support our focus on of a three-month apprenticeship with an
neurodiversity is built on the social model—in disability inclusion and neurodiversity. For opportunity for full-time employment.
that people are only disabled by the social and example, the Deloitte USPeople with Disabilities
physical environment around them. To this end, human-centered design (HCD) initiativeseeks to
Deloitte Global has launched a number of better understand the experiences of people
awareness-building, coaching, and education with disabilities, identify ways to improve
programs to help enable professionals with accessibility, and create a more inclusive
disabilities or neurodivergent variations to reach culture. Deloitte Canada launched its
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 65]
Building better futures | 65 Disability inclusion and neurodiversity Deloitte is focused on providing a their full career potential, as well as to support firstAccessibility Action Planin 2021 to reinforce workplace environment in which all of our skills development and career progression in its commitment to the inclusion of people with society at large. Resources developed by disabilities as well as those with different people can thrive and reach their full Deloitte Global include digital learning, accessibility needs. Additionally, Deloitte career potential. Disability inclusion and accessibility guidance (physical, digital, events, Thailandpartnered with the Social Innovation neurodiversity are priority areas of deliverables), critical factors to enable career Foundation in 2022 to help connect people with Deloitte’s global diversity, equity, and success for neurodivergent individuals, disabilities to jobs. Program registrants are inclusion strategy—supported by guidance on workplace accommodations, return matched with organizations that can provide Deloitte’s global focus on fostering an to work best practices guidance, and learning them with suitable employment. This helps to inclusive workplace culture underpinned accessibility guidance. Deloitte also created a enable people with disabilities to perform duties series of immersive experiences, including based on their capabilities and competencies, by respect. Natalia’s story, from the perspective of living and develop their work skills, and earn a living. Deloitte is a proud signatory of the International working with a visual impairment; Robert’s story, Many Deloitte firms are also committed to Labour Organization’s Global Business and on navigating barriers with a physical disability; funding scholarships and offering Disability Network Charter, and is committed to and Sam’s story, which shares an autistic apprenticeships to neurodivergent talent and delivering against its 10 principles when it person’s day at the office. And Deloitte's award- those with disabilities. Examples include Deloitte comes to both disability inclusion and winningCan you see me?filmsof people from Canada’s funding towardscholarships for law neurodiversity; as such, Deloitte’s global underrepresented groups include Thiago, a studentswith disabilities through the Legal strategies for these important inclusion wheelchair user, and Delphine,an autistic Leaders for Diversity and Inclusion (LLD) priorities are aligned to delivering against each person. scholarship fund and the Deloitte of these principles. Deloitte firms are also taking meaningful and USNeurodiversity@Deloitte programconsisting Deloitte’s approach to disability inclusion and impactful actions to support our focus on of a three-month apprenticeship with an neurodiversity is built on the social model—in disability inclusion and neurodiversity. For opportunity for full-time employment. that people are only disabled by the social and example, the Deloitte USPeople with Disabilities physical environment around them. To this end, human-centered design (HCD) initiativeseeks to Deloitte Global has launched a number of better understand the experiences of people awareness-building, coaching, and education with disabilities, identify ways to improve programs to help enable professionals with accessibility, and create a more inclusive disabilities or neurodivergent variations to reach culture. Deloitte Canada launched its BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 66
Deloitte’s global focus on fostering an inclusive A number of Deloitte firms have collaborated
workplace for colleagues with disabilities has with specialized organizations to support the
been recognized by third-party organizations recruitment of neurodivergent talent. This
around the world, including achievement in the includes Deloitte UK working withAuticon;
US of a perfect score in the Disability Equality Deloitte Canada working withAuticon
Index’s best places to work ranking for the last andReady, Willing & Able;and Deloitte Belgium
five years. Deloitte UK is part of the UK workingwithAutimatic.
Government’s Disability Confidentemployer
Several Deloitte firms have employee resource
scheme focused on best practices around the
groups dedicated to neurodiversity and
recruitment, retention, and development of
disability to help foster community and allyship,
talent with disabilities.
including raising awareness of neurodiversity
Deloitte Global and many Deloitte firms have and disability within their respective firms. In
also sought to advance the inclusion of people addition, a number of Deloitte firms have
with disabilities through the sharing of leading neurodiversity networks, including Deloitte
practices and resources across the organization, Australia and Deloitte Netherlands, which help
as well as via external platforms and networks. ensure our people feel empowered to approach
their jobs in ways that fit with how their minds,
Deloitte firms—including Deloitte Ireland and
brains, and thought processes work.
Deloitte Japan—are members of theValuable
500.Deloitte Australia is a member of the
Emma Codd
Australian Network on Disability. And Deloitte
Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
UK has published its Neurodiversity Learning Officer
Guide for Recruiters to share learnings and help ecodd@deloitte.co.uk
other organizations improve their own skill sets
and confidence when engaging with
neurodiverse candidates.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 66]
Building better futures | 66 Deloitte’s global focus on fostering an inclusive A number of Deloitte firms have collaborated workplace for colleagues with disabilities has with specialized organizations to support the been recognized by third-party organizations recruitment of neurodivergent talent. This around the world, including achievement in the includes Deloitte UK working withAuticon; US of a perfect score in the Disability Equality Deloitte Canada working withAuticon Index’s best places to work ranking for the last andReady, Willing & Able;and Deloitte Belgium five years. Deloitte UK is part of the UK workingwithAutimatic. Government’s Disability Confidentemployer Several Deloitte firms have employee resource scheme focused on best practices around the groups dedicated to neurodiversity and recruitment, retention, and development of disability to help foster community and allyship, talent with disabilities. including raising awareness of neurodiversity Deloitte Global and many Deloitte firms have and disability within their respective firms. In also sought to advance the inclusion of people addition, a number of Deloitte firms have with disabilities through the sharing of leading neurodiversity networks, including Deloitte practices and resources across the organization, Australia and Deloitte Netherlands, which help as well as via external platforms and networks. ensure our people feel empowered to approach their jobs in ways that fit with how their minds, Deloitte firms—including Deloitte Ireland and brains, and thought processes work. Deloitte Japan—are members of theValuable 500.Deloitte Australia is a member of the Emma Codd Australian Network on Disability. And Deloitte Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion UK has published its Neurodiversity Learning Officer Guide for Recruiters to share learnings and help ecodd@deloitte.co.uk other organizations improve their own skill sets and confidence when engaging with neurodiverse candidates. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 67
LGBT+ inclusion
At Deloitte, we want our LGBT+ (lesbian, Our commitment to the UN Standards means Deloitte offers its LGBT+ colleagues a variety of
gay, bi, transgender, and more) people to that, within the walls of Deloitte, we apply platforms from which to voluntarily promote
LGBT+inclusive policies and practices for our their visibility and help them be seen and heard.
feel confident in being who they are and
own people—in an approach known as the This includes the Deloitte Global LGBT+ and
empowered to thrive at Deloitte and in
embassy model1. Our Global Code, Global Anti- allies network, which operates globally, as well
society. Everyone should be able to be
discrimination and Anti-harassment Policy, as more than 30 local employee resource
themselves at work. LGBT+ inclusion is
Supplier Code, and Commitment to Responsible groups at firms in Africa, the Americas, Asia
one of our core global diversity, equity, Business Practicesreflect this stance Pacific, and Europe.
and inclusion (DEI) pillars. Our LGBT+ (specifically referencing sexual orientation and
Externally, we have championed the
inclusion strategy is aligned to delivering gender identity). To further advance LGBT+
transformative power of allyship more broadly.
inclusion, Deloitte introduced a global LGBT+
on our commitment to the UN Standards Deloitte’s global Pride celebrations in 2020and
inclusion baseline in 2022, which sets out
of Conduct for Business in Tackling 2021were centered around the themes of
minimum expectations on inclusion for each of
Discrimination against LGBTI people (the LGBT+ visibility and allyship, with our 2021
the Deloitte firms around the world.
campaign featuring the lived experience stories
UN Standards), of which we are a proud
We also embrace and promote the power of of some of our LGBT+ professionals worldwide.
signatory.
allyship to support our LGBT+ people, amplify In 2022 and 2023, Deloitte’s global theme was
their messages and protect their rights and well- #QueerAllYear, highlighting the importance of
being. And because allyship is such a critical LGBT+ inclusion year-round.
element of LGBT+ diversity, we have created a
Deloitte Australiawas the first major sponsor for
host of resources, including digital learning and
WorldPride2023, the world’s largest LGBT+
guides, to support our LGBT+ and allies
event, including a multi-year arrangement that
networks, as well as people across the
extends beyond WorldPride2023 to include the
organization. These cover topics such as
Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras through to
microaggressions, LGBT+ and transgender
2024.
inclusion, and how to have respectful and
inclusive conversations on LGBT+ concerns.
1The embassy model approach refers to an organization applying LGBT+ inclusive policies and practices to their own employees in all jurisdictions, but not seeking to exert
influence externally by lobbying the government or supporting local activists.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 67]
Building better futures | 67 LGBT+ inclusion At Deloitte, we want our LGBT+ (lesbian, Our commitment to the UN Standards means Deloitte offers its LGBT+ colleagues a variety of gay, bi, transgender, and more) people to that, within the walls of Deloitte, we apply platforms from which to voluntarily promote LGBT+inclusive policies and practices for our their visibility and help them be seen and heard. feel confident in being who they are and own people—in an approach known as the This includes the Deloitte Global LGBT+ and empowered to thrive at Deloitte and in embassy model1. Our Global Code, Global Anti- allies network, which operates globally, as well society. Everyone should be able to be discrimination and Anti-harassment Policy, as more than 30 local employee resource themselves at work. LGBT+ inclusion is Supplier Code, and Commitment to Responsible groups at firms in Africa, the Americas, Asia one of our core global diversity, equity, Business Practicesreflect this stance Pacific, and Europe. and inclusion (DEI) pillars. Our LGBT+ (specifically referencing sexual orientation and Externally, we have championed the inclusion strategy is aligned to delivering gender identity). To further advance LGBT+ transformative power of allyship more broadly. inclusion, Deloitte introduced a global LGBT+ on our commitment to the UN Standards Deloitte’s global Pride celebrations in 2020and inclusion baseline in 2022, which sets out of Conduct for Business in Tackling 2021were centered around the themes of minimum expectations on inclusion for each of Discrimination against LGBTI people (the LGBT+ visibility and allyship, with our 2021 the Deloitte firms around the world. campaign featuring the lived experience stories UN Standards), of which we are a proud We also embrace and promote the power of of some of our LGBT+ professionals worldwide. signatory. allyship to support our LGBT+ people, amplify In 2022 and 2023, Deloitte’s global theme was their messages and protect their rights and well- #QueerAllYear, highlighting the importance of being. And because allyship is such a critical LGBT+ inclusion year-round. element of LGBT+ diversity, we have created a Deloitte Australiawas the first major sponsor for host of resources, including digital learning and WorldPride2023, the world’s largest LGBT+ guides, to support our LGBT+ and allies event, including a multi-year arrangement that networks, as well as people across the extends beyond WorldPride2023 to include the organization. These cover topics such as Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras through to microaggressions, LGBT+ and transgender 2024. inclusion, and how to have respectful and inclusive conversations on LGBT+ concerns. 1The embassy model approach refers to an organization applying LGBT+ inclusive policies and practices to their own employees in all jurisdictions, but not seeking to exert influence externally by lobbying the government or supporting local activists. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 68
Deloitte’s award-winning Can you see me? film people2in work across 13 countries through the Deloitte is also recognized by other
series—created for Deloitte people but rolled lens of both sexual orientation and gender organizations for its work to foster LGBT+
out externally too so that others could benefit identity.Building on the Deloitte Global LGBT+ inclusion. For example, Deloitte US has achieved
from them—featured the stories of Jackie, a Inclusion @ Work 2022 pulse survey of 600 a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign
trans woman, and Alejandro, a gay man. While LGBT+ respondents, this report provides deep Foundation Corporate Equality Index for 16
the characters are fictional and are played by insights into the experiences of LGBT+ people in consecutive years.
actors with similar, lived experiences, the films the workplace, including the steps their
represent the authentic stories of many people. employers are taking to further LGBT+ inclusion Emma Codd
They were created to help viewers understand and the impact this has on them, their levels of Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Officer
that everyone is a sum of their parts and comfort in being out at work about their LGBT+
ecodd@deloitte.co.uk
experiences, and that words and actions have identity, and their experiences of non-inclusive
an impact on others. Deloitte Global has also behaviors in the workplace. The result is an inproduced immersive experiences, which offer a depth global view of some of the realities of
glimpse into how a colleague may experience being LGBT+ at work in 2023.
their day. The learning modules, one of which is
In line with the UN Standard to act in the public
from the perspective of a non-binary person,
sphere, Deloitte is proud to be a member of the
provide a first-person perspective and an
Partnership for Global LGBTIQ Equality. Deloitte
opportunity to reflect on how we can all play a
has also joined the Brunswick Group’s coalition,
part in providing an inclusive and respectful
Open for Business, a network of major
workplace.
businesses campaigning for LGBT+ inclusion
Deloitte has also created thought leadership globally, which has recognized Deloitte as a
focused on LGBT+ inclusion at work. Most Global Equality Champion.
recently, the Deloitte Global 2023 LGBT+
Inclusion @ Work: A Global Outlook report
explores the experiences of 5,474 LGBT+
2LGBT+ was defined for survey respondents as the following: The LGBT+ acronym (which stands for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and more) is used throughout this survey
for consistency and includes anyone who does not identify as heterosexual and/or cisgender. Deloitte professionals were not polled as part of this survey.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 68]
Building better futures | 68 Deloitte’s award-winning Can you see me? film people2in work across 13 countries through the Deloitte is also recognized by other series—created for Deloitte people but rolled lens of both sexual orientation and gender organizations for its work to foster LGBT+ out externally too so that others could benefit identity.Building on the Deloitte Global LGBT+ inclusion. For example, Deloitte US has achieved from them—featured the stories of Jackie, a Inclusion @ Work 2022 pulse survey of 600 a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign trans woman, and Alejandro, a gay man. While LGBT+ respondents, this report provides deep Foundation Corporate Equality Index for 16 the characters are fictional and are played by insights into the experiences of LGBT+ people in consecutive years. actors with similar, lived experiences, the films the workplace, including the steps their represent the authentic stories of many people. employers are taking to further LGBT+ inclusion Emma Codd They were created to help viewers understand and the impact this has on them, their levels of Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer that everyone is a sum of their parts and comfort in being out at work about their LGBT+ ecodd@deloitte.co.uk experiences, and that words and actions have identity, and their experiences of non-inclusive an impact on others. Deloitte Global has also behaviors in the workplace. The result is an in- produced immersive experiences, which offer a depth global view of some of the realities of glimpse into how a colleague may experience being LGBT+ at work in 2023. their day. The learning modules, one of which is In line with the UN Standard to act in the public from the perspective of a non-binary person, sphere, Deloitte is proud to be a member of the provide a first-person perspective and an Partnership for Global LGBTIQ Equality. Deloitte opportunity to reflect on how we can all play a has also joined the Brunswick Group’s coalition, part in providing an inclusive and respectful Open for Business, a network of major workplace. businesses campaigning for LGBT+ inclusion Deloitte has also created thought leadership globally, which has recognized Deloitte as a focused on LGBT+ inclusion at work. Most Global Equality Champion. recently, the Deloitte Global 2023 LGBT+ Inclusion @ Work: A Global Outlook report explores the experiences of 5,474 LGBT+ 2LGBT+ was defined for survey respondents as the following: The LGBT+ acronym (which stands for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and more) is used throughout this survey for consistency and includes anyone who does not identify as heterosexual and/or cisgender. Deloitte professionals were not polled as part of this survey. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 69
Mental health
Deloitte believes that supporting mental Deloitte has been working to advance mental In 2022, Deloitte Global created the “Supporting
health and well-being is critical to health awareness and support our people Mental Health at Work” e-learning, which has
globally for several years. In January 2021 we been released globally. This learning module
attracting and retaining the best people
introduced a mental health baseline that sets aims to raise awareness of signs that someone
and helping them be their authentic and
clear expectations around a stigma-free might be experiencing mental health challenges,
productive selves today and into the
workplace, providing leadership learning and how to have a supportive conversation, and the
future. We recognize the importance of
support, and identifying causes of mental ill resources available that can help. This ede-stigmatizing mental health in the health and corresponding actions to help learning was recognized with the Gold Award in
workplace and the need for Deloitte address them in each country in which we the Advances in Competencies and Skill
people to know where and how to seek operate. As of March 2023, all Deloitte member Development category in the 2023 Brandon Hall
firms had successfully met the baseline. Building Group HCM Excellence Awards.
support when they are facing mental ill
on the baseline, we are focusing on developing
health. Our leaders understand the Each year, World Mental Health Day provides an
tailored guidance and tools to help firms to
importance of maintaining a stigma-free opportunity to advocate for and accelerate
continue to address the most significant
positive change around mental health in the
and inclusive workplace.
workplace issues, the first of which focuses on
workplace. Previous campaigns have shared the
burnout. A comprehensive toolkit covers
journeys of some of our people when it comes
preventative mental health strategies and
to mental health, and in 2022 we launched a
practices, including knowledge sharing and tools
digital media campaign entitled “What’s really on
for mitigating and managing burnout.
your mind?”which aimed to break down all-tooDeloitte offers various resources to support its common, self-reinforcing patterns that may
people when it comes to their mental health. hinder open dialogue on mental health at work.
We believe that prevention is critical. Resources
Externally, Deloitte aims to promote the
include well-being articles, videos, and
importance of mental health as a priority for
educational materials, as well as information
business leaders globally. Deloitte is a founding
published on Deloitte’s Global Inclusion Hub, an
partner of the GlobalBusinessCollaborationfor
online resource accessible to Deloitte people
Better Workplace Mental Health (GBC),
globally. Most recently, as part of its immersive
established in January 2021 to advocate for and
experiences, Deloitte created “Daniel’s story,”
accelerate positive change in mental health in
which focuses on mental health.
workplaces around the world.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 69]
Building better futures | 69 Mental health Deloitte believes that supporting mental Deloitte has been working to advance mental In 2022, Deloitte Global created the “Supporting health and well-being is critical to health awareness and support our people Mental Health at Work” e-learning, which has globally for several years. In January 2021 we been released globally. This learning module attracting and retaining the best people introduced a mental health baseline that sets aims to raise awareness of signs that someone and helping them be their authentic and clear expectations around a stigma-free might be experiencing mental health challenges, productive selves today and into the workplace, providing leadership learning and how to have a supportive conversation, and the future. We recognize the importance of support, and identifying causes of mental ill resources available that can help. This e- de-stigmatizing mental health in the health and corresponding actions to help learning was recognized with the Gold Award in workplace and the need for Deloitte address them in each country in which we the Advances in Competencies and Skill people to know where and how to seek operate. As of March 2023, all Deloitte member Development category in the 2023 Brandon Hall firms had successfully met the baseline. Building Group HCM Excellence Awards. support when they are facing mental ill on the baseline, we are focusing on developing health. Our leaders understand the Each year, World Mental Health Day provides an tailored guidance and tools to help firms to importance of maintaining a stigma-free opportunity to advocate for and accelerate continue to address the most significant positive change around mental health in the and inclusive workplace. workplace issues, the first of which focuses on workplace. Previous campaigns have shared the burnout. A comprehensive toolkit covers journeys of some of our people when it comes preventative mental health strategies and to mental health, and in 2022 we launched a practices, including knowledge sharing and tools digital media campaign entitled “What’s really on for mitigating and managing burnout. your mind?”which aimed to break down all-too- Deloitte offers various resources to support its common, self-reinforcing patterns that may people when it comes to their mental health. hinder open dialogue on mental health at work. We believe that prevention is critical. Resources Externally, Deloitte aims to promote the include well-being articles, videos, and importance of mental health as a priority for educational materials, as well as information business leaders globally. Deloitte is a founding published on Deloitte’s Global Inclusion Hub, an partner of the GlobalBusinessCollaborationfor online resource accessible to Deloitte people Better Workplace Mental Health (GBC), globally. Most recently, as part of its immersive established in January 2021 to advocate for and experiences, Deloitte created “Daniel’s story,” accelerate positive change in mental health in which focuses on mental health. workplaces around the world. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 70
In 2023, Deloitte participated in the GBC-led
Leadership Roundtables in Singapore and
Mumbai, bringing together C-suite executives
from current and prospective GBC founders
and signatories, to discuss the opportunities
and challenges around employee mental health
in the regions.
Since 2020, Deloitte Global has published a
paper each year on the mental health findings
of its annual Deloitte Global Gen Z and
Millennial Survey. These “deep dives” provide
insight for employers on the importance of
mental health when it comes to these
generations, along with practical actions to help
foster better mental health at work. The 2022
paper highlighted concerns such as burnout
and its impact on millennials and Gen Zs, while
the 2023 report shows that employers are
taking some steps to provide the support and
environment needed, but there remains much
to do to eliminate stigma around mental health
in the workplace.
Emma Codd
Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Officer
ecodd@deloitte.co.uk
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 70]
Building better futures | 70 In 2023, Deloitte participated in the GBC-led Leadership Roundtables in Singapore and Mumbai, bringing together C-suite executives from current and prospective GBC founders and signatories, to discuss the opportunities and challenges around employee mental health in the regions. Since 2020, Deloitte Global has published a paper each year on the mental health findings of its annual Deloitte Global Gen Z and Millennial Survey. These “deep dives” provide insight for employers on the importance of mental health when it comes to these generations, along with practical actions to help foster better mental health at work. The 2022 paper highlighted concerns such as burnout and its impact on millennials and Gen Zs, while the 2023 report shows that employers are taking some steps to provide the support and environment needed, but there remains much to do to eliminate stigma around mental health in the workplace. Emma Codd Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer ecodd@deloitte.co.uk BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 71
Racial and ethnic inclusion
Deloitte stands against systemic bias, Deloitte Canada signed a multi-year agreement Deloitte is committed to fostering a culture and
racism, and inequitable treatment. We in 2022 with Indspire, an organization that systems that provide opportunities for everyone
invests in the education of Indigenous peoples. to thrive as their exceptional selves and reach
take seriously our responsibility to listen,
Both Deloitte Canada and Deloitte Australia their full potential, and to creating meaningful
learn, and lead the change we wish to see
published Reconciliation Action Plans outlining talent experiences for professionals across
in the world. As an example, the Deloitte
each firm’s commitments to further engage and demographic groups. The Deloitte UK Black
US Health Equity Institute has a mission to
collaborate with First Nations People. Action plan outlines five actions to help develop
advance health equity by creating cross- Black professionals, including a “5 Million
Deloitte firms are actively engaged in
sector collaborations and tools aimed at Futures” societal collaboration with Blueprint for
recruitment, learning and development, career
addressing disparities in the drivers of All.
progression, and mentoring initiatives aimed at
health, racism and bias, and structural increasing Black and ethnic minority
Emma Codd
flaws in the health system. representation throughout the organization. For
Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
example, Deloitte UK is supporting the 10,000 Officer
Deloitte US and Deloitte Canada continue to
Black Interns initiative. Some Deloitte firms— ecodd@deloitte.co.uk
support a number of organizations that are
including Deloitte US, Deloitte UK, and Deloitte
fighting for social justice, tackling employment
South Africa—report on racial and ethnic
and wealth inequality, and creating educational
representation within their firms. Read more
opportunities for underserved communities.
about their efforts and the impact in the
Deloitte Canada’s Black Action Council has
Deloitte US 2023 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
donated funds and provided pro bono
(DEI) Transparency Report, the Deloitte Africa
engagements toward corporate contributions to
Transparency Report, and the Deloitte UK 2023
Black-owned organizations, as well as those that
Pay and Inclusion Report. Deloitte UK has
focus on the progress of Black people. Deloitte
voluntarily reported its ethnicity pay gap since
US’s Making Accounting Diverse and Equitable
2017.
(MADE) initiative has committed US$75 million
to fuel greater racial and ethnic diversity in tax
and accounting, and in 2022 also launched the
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) InstituteTMto
further sustain equity and belonging for all.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 71]
Building better futures | 71 Racial and ethnic inclusion Deloitte stands against systemic bias, Deloitte Canada signed a multi-year agreement Deloitte is committed to fostering a culture and racism, and inequitable treatment. We in 2022 with Indspire, an organization that systems that provide opportunities for everyone invests in the education of Indigenous peoples. to thrive as their exceptional selves and reach take seriously our responsibility to listen, Both Deloitte Canada and Deloitte Australia their full potential, and to creating meaningful learn, and lead the change we wish to see published Reconciliation Action Plans outlining talent experiences for professionals across in the world. As an example, the Deloitte each firm’s commitments to further engage and demographic groups. The Deloitte UK Black US Health Equity Institute has a mission to collaborate with First Nations People. Action plan outlines five actions to help develop advance health equity by creating cross- Black professionals, including a “5 Million Deloitte firms are actively engaged in sector collaborations and tools aimed at Futures” societal collaboration with Blueprint for recruitment, learning and development, career addressing disparities in the drivers of All. progression, and mentoring initiatives aimed at health, racism and bias, and structural increasing Black and ethnic minority Emma Codd flaws in the health system. representation throughout the organization. For Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion example, Deloitte UK is supporting the 10,000 Officer Deloitte US and Deloitte Canada continue to Black Interns initiative. Some Deloitte firms— ecodd@deloitte.co.uk support a number of organizations that are including Deloitte US, Deloitte UK, and Deloitte fighting for social justice, tackling employment South Africa—report on racial and ethnic and wealth inequality, and creating educational representation within their firms. Read more opportunities for underserved communities. about their efforts and the impact in the Deloitte Canada’s Black Action Council has Deloitte US 2023 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion donated funds and provided pro bono (DEI) Transparency Report, the Deloitte Africa engagements toward corporate contributions to Transparency Report, and the Deloitte UK 2023 Black-owned organizations, as well as those that Pay and Inclusion Report. Deloitte UK has focus on the progress of Black people. Deloitte voluntarily reported its ethnicity pay gap since US’s Making Accounting Diverse and Equitable 2017. (MADE) initiative has committed US$75 million to fuel greater racial and ethnic diversity in tax and accounting, and in 2022 also launched the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) InstituteTMto further sustain equity and belonging for all. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 72
Women’s equity
Deloitte strives to make women’s equity achieve the entirety of this goal by the target its inaugural Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)
the norm across our organization. We year, we are confident we will achieve it sooner Transparency Report, which contains a wealth
than if we had not set it in the first place. of detail on Deloitte US’s DEI goals.
have set aspirational goals against which
Progress against these aspirational goals and
Deloitte Global leadership monitors The 2023 DEI Transparency Report provides an
other measurements is monitored and reported
progress. We have developed update on progress in the US to date. It also
to the Deloitte Global Executive Committee and
extends this work to include other historically
interventions spanning the entire career
Deloitte Global Board of Directors twice per
underrepresented groups. Going forward,
life cycle—from recruitment, promotion, year.
Deloitte is exploring such reporting for other
and succession processes, to
Deloitte’s commitment globally to women’s pay member firms and geographies.
development, mentoring, sponsorship,
equity goes beyond what is typically required by
Deloitte’s focus on working toward women’s
and flexible working. local legislation in the countries where its firms
equity does not end with our own organization.
are located. Deloitte firms conduct regular
The Deloitte Global Executive Committee Many Deloitte firms and Deloitte Global are
reviews and provide the Deloitte Global
comprises 38% women (up from 23% in FY2022) signatories of the UN Women’s Empowerment
Executive Committee with updates, including—if
and the Deloitte Global Board has 17 members, Principles. Deloitte believes we should be a
needed—any remedial action.
with women making up 35% of the Board (down force for good and lead the way on the complex
from 38% in FY2022). Since 2019, Deloitte firms Deloitte has a longstanding commitment to challenges facing women and girls in society.
have increased women’s representation in both transparency when it comes to women’s equity. Through a number of our WorldClasssocietal
member firm partnership and other leadership For example, Deloitte UK started voluntarily impact projects, Deloitte is working to positively
roles. In FY2023, 26% of member firm partners, reporting its women’s pay gap (the total average impact the lives of women and girls around the
principals, and managing directors (PPMDs) are difference between earnings for men and world. Deloitte is committed to helping them
women, exceeding the FY2023 goal of 25%. We women) in 2015, two years before it became access the right skills and opportunities through
are working hard to make progress towards our required by legislation. From 2017, Deloitte UK education initiatives, along with supporting
next goal of 30% women PPMDs by 2025. As has also publicly reported an additional “total social enterprises, sponsorship and mentorship
leaders, we know it is important to set bold earnings gap,” which includes equity partners (in programs, and more.
goals as a galvanizing force to motivate change addition to legislative requirements). Deloitte US
across Deloitte. As such, while we may not has reiterated its commitment to pay equity in
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 72]
Building better futures | 72 Women’s equity Deloitte strives to make women’s equity achieve the entirety of this goal by the target its inaugural Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) the norm across our organization. We year, we are confident we will achieve it sooner Transparency Report, which contains a wealth than if we had not set it in the first place. of detail on Deloitte US’s DEI goals. have set aspirational goals against which Progress against these aspirational goals and Deloitte Global leadership monitors The 2023 DEI Transparency Report provides an other measurements is monitored and reported progress. We have developed update on progress in the US to date. It also to the Deloitte Global Executive Committee and extends this work to include other historically interventions spanning the entire career Deloitte Global Board of Directors twice per underrepresented groups. Going forward, life cycle—from recruitment, promotion, year. Deloitte is exploring such reporting for other and succession processes, to Deloitte’s commitment globally to women’s pay member firms and geographies. development, mentoring, sponsorship, equity goes beyond what is typically required by Deloitte’s focus on working toward women’s and flexible working. local legislation in the countries where its firms equity does not end with our own organization. are located. Deloitte firms conduct regular The Deloitte Global Executive Committee Many Deloitte firms and Deloitte Global are reviews and provide the Deloitte Global comprises 38% women (up from 23% in FY2022) signatories of the UN Women’s Empowerment Executive Committee with updates, including—if and the Deloitte Global Board has 17 members, Principles. Deloitte believes we should be a needed—any remedial action. with women making up 35% of the Board (down force for good and lead the way on the complex from 38% in FY2022). Since 2019, Deloitte firms Deloitte has a longstanding commitment to challenges facing women and girls in society. have increased women’s representation in both transparency when it comes to women’s equity. Through a number of our WorldClasssocietal member firm partnership and other leadership For example, Deloitte UK started voluntarily impact projects, Deloitte is working to positively roles. In FY2023, 26% of member firm partners, reporting its women’s pay gap (the total average impact the lives of women and girls around the principals, and managing directors (PPMDs) are difference between earnings for men and world. Deloitte is committed to helping them women, exceeding the FY2023 goal of 25%. We women) in 2015, two years before it became access the right skills and opportunities through are working hard to make progress towards our required by legislation. From 2017, Deloitte UK education initiatives, along with supporting next goal of 30% women PPMDs by 2025. As has also publicly reported an additional “total social enterprises, sponsorship and mentorship leaders, we know it is important to set bold earnings gap,” which includes equity partners (in programs, and more. goals as a galvanizing force to motivate change addition to legislative requirements). Deloitte US across Deloitte. As such, while we may not has reiterated its commitment to pay equity in BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 73
Each year, International Women’s Day (IWD) is a the workforce.Additionally, the 2023 report
day to celebrate the achievements of women— Policies for Change: Government Levers for
as well as a day to focus on how much more Enabling Workplace Gender Equality, produced
there is still to do when it comes to women’s by the Global Institute for Women's Leadership
equity in the workplace and in society. Deloitte’s at King’s College with the support of Deloitte
2023 International Women’s Day campaign, Global, set out what governments can do
entitled #ImAWomanAnd, was a call to action through policy to help address women’s
for each of us to commit to stop common inequality in the workplace.
stereotypes and play our part in stopping the
Deloitte is a strategic partner to the Women’s
assumptions that are still too often made about
Forum for the Economy and Society, a platform
women.
for action to highlight women’s voices and build
Deloitte conducts global research into critical a more inclusive economy and society. Deloitte
issues related to women’s equity. The inaugural is also a member of the 30% Cluband a number
Deloitte Global Women @ Work: A Global of Deloitte firms have collaborated with the
Outlookreport was published in 2021. This organization to publish research in chapters
landmark report shared the findings of a survey around the world, including Australia, Canada,
of 5,000 working women across 10 countries, in Colombia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Middle East,
which Deloitte Global heard directly from them Southern Africa, the United Kingdom, and the
about the state of women’s equity in the United States. For more than 20 years, Deloitte
workplace. The 2022 report looked additionally has been a supporter of Catalyst, a global
at the impact of hybrid working on women, the nonprofit organization working with some of the
“great resignation,” and women’s experiences of world’s most powerful CEOs and more than 800
stress, burnout, and poor mental health. In leading organizations to build workplaces that
2023, the responses show improvement, but support women so they can advance and thrive.
the underlying data emphasizes how much
remains to be done. This important research Emma Codd
continues to inform Deloitte, as well as Deloitte Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Officer
clients and other stakeholders, when it comes
ecodd@deloitte.co.uk
to the engagement and retention of women in
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 73]
Building better futures | 73 Each year, International Women’s Day (IWD) is a the workforce.Additionally, the 2023 report day to celebrate the achievements of women— Policies for Change: Government Levers for as well as a day to focus on how much more Enabling Workplace Gender Equality, produced there is still to do when it comes to women’s by the Global Institute for Women's Leadership equity in the workplace and in society. Deloitte’s at King’s College with the support of Deloitte 2023 International Women’s Day campaign, Global, set out what governments can do entitled #ImAWomanAnd, was a call to action through policy to help address women’s for each of us to commit to stop common inequality in the workplace. stereotypes and play our part in stopping the Deloitte is a strategic partner to the Women’s assumptions that are still too often made about Forum for the Economy and Society, a platform women. for action to highlight women’s voices and build Deloitte conducts global research into critical a more inclusive economy and society. Deloitte issues related to women’s equity. The inaugural is also a member of the 30% Cluband a number Deloitte Global Women @ Work: A Global of Deloitte firms have collaborated with the Outlookreport was published in 2021. This organization to publish research in chapters landmark report shared the findings of a survey around the world, including Australia, Canada, of 5,000 working women across 10 countries, in Colombia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Middle East, which Deloitte Global heard directly from them Southern Africa, the United Kingdom, and the about the state of women’s equity in the United States. For more than 20 years, Deloitte workplace. The 2022 report looked additionally has been a supporter of Catalyst, a global at the impact of hybrid working on women, the nonprofit organization working with some of the “great resignation,” and women’s experiences of world’s most powerful CEOs and more than 800 stress, burnout, and poor mental health. In leading organizations to build workplaces that 2023, the responses show improvement, but support women so they can advance and thrive. the underlying data emphasizes how much remains to be done. This important research Emma Codd continues to inform Deloitte, as well as Deloitte Deloitte Global Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer clients and other stakeholders, when it comes ecodd@deloitte.co.uk to the engagement and retention of women in BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Governance
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 74]
Governance BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 75
Governance
At Deloitte, everything starts
with trust. That’s the bedrock
upon which our organization is
built, and the commitment to
stakeholders that has been a
constant for Deloitte going all
the way back to our founding in
1845.
As an auditor and adviser to organizations
across industries and throughout the world,
Deloitte understands that trust is critical to
our business. We continually strengthen and
reaffirm Deloitte clients’ trust by bringing to
life our Shared Values and our Purpose.
Strong and effective governance helps enable
us to deliver on that trust, operate our
business ethically, balance the interests of our
stakeholders, and serve the public interest. As
a purpose-led organization, Deloitte is
thoughtful about the company we keep and
adheres toresponsible business practices.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 75]
Building better futures | 75 Governance At Deloitte, everything starts with trust. That’s the bedrock upon which our organization is built, and the commitment to stakeholders that has been a constant for Deloitte going all the way back to our founding in 1845. As an auditor and adviser to organizations across industries and throughout the world, Deloitte understands that trust is critical to our business. We continually strengthen and reaffirm Deloitte clients’ trust by bringing to life our Shared Values and our Purpose. Strong and effective governance helps enable us to deliver on that trust, operate our business ethically, balance the interests of our stakeholders, and serve the public interest. As a purpose-led organization, Deloitte is thoughtful about the company we keep and adheres toresponsible business practices. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 76
Delivering on our stakeholders’ Deloitte’s commitment to human rights “Deloitte Global is committed to
expectations
Human rights are universal—and as a global supporting the UN Global Compact
Deloitte stakeholders expect us to run a organization, at Deloitte we believe we have a and furthering the Sustainable
responsible and sustainable business, behave duty to help protect these inalienable rights. To
Development Goals. By coming
ethically and successfully manage risks. affirm this belief, we have published the Deloitte
together around this shared vision,
organization’s first network-wide Human Rights
Clients turn to Deloitte to unlock value in new
Statement. we can collectively create a
opportunities, deliver innovative services, and
sustainable, equitable, and
devise breakthrough solutions. They trust us to We are committed to advancing human rights
handle their most complex business challenges, within our organization in the areas of prosperous future that helps
conduct high-quality audits, maintain employment and workers’ rights, equality and provide opportunities to advance
independence, and protect their sensitive non-discriminatory treatment, environmental
business, people, society, and the
information. sustainability, education and skills development,
world.”
anti-corruption, privacy, and trustworthy
Our people count on us to foster an inclusive
technology.
and equitable workplace, promote their safety — Deloitte Global CEO
and well-being, and support their skills Through the commitments we set out in our
Joe Ucuzoglu
development and career advancement. Human Rights Statement, we are working to
create a more just, sustainable, and equitable
Society expects us to act in the public interest,
world.
advance sustainability, help eradicate
corruption, and provide educational and skillbuilding opportunities to help empower those
seeking a better future.
We hold ourselves accountable by measuring
and reporting on our progress across these
areas. Our reporting helps our people, clients,
and society to evaluate our impact. It also shows
how living our purpose is inextricability linked
with Deloitte’s ability to deliver sustainable, longterm value, year after year.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 76]
Building better futures | 76 Delivering on our stakeholders’ Deloitte’s commitment to human rights “Deloitte Global is committed to expectations Human rights are universal—and as a global supporting the UN Global Compact Deloitte stakeholders expect us to run a organization, at Deloitte we believe we have a and furthering the Sustainable responsible and sustainable business, behave duty to help protect these inalienable rights. To Development Goals. By coming ethically and successfully manage risks. affirm this belief, we have published the Deloitte together around this shared vision, organization’s first network-wide Human Rights Clients turn to Deloitte to unlock value in new Statement. we can collectively create a opportunities, deliver innovative services, and sustainable, equitable, and devise breakthrough solutions. They trust us to We are committed to advancing human rights handle their most complex business challenges, within our organization in the areas of prosperous future that helps conduct high-quality audits, maintain employment and workers’ rights, equality and provide opportunities to advance independence, and protect their sensitive non-discriminatory treatment, environmental business, people, society, and the information. sustainability, education and skills development, world.” anti-corruption, privacy, and trustworthy Our people count on us to foster an inclusive technology. and equitable workplace, promote their safety — Deloitte Global CEO and well-being, and support their skills Through the commitments we set out in our Joe Ucuzoglu development and career advancement. Human Rights Statement, we are working to create a more just, sustainable, and equitable Society expects us to act in the public interest, world. advance sustainability, help eradicate corruption, and provide educational and skill- building opportunities to help empower those seeking a better future. We hold ourselves accountable by measuring and reporting on our progress across these areas. Our reporting helps our people, clients, and society to evaluate our impact. It also shows how living our purpose is inextricability linked with Deloitte’s ability to deliver sustainable, long- term value, year after year. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 77
Anti-corruption commitment
Deloitte actively supports multiple efforts • Appointment of an Anti-Corruption leader • An annual confirmation from each member
to help eradicate corruption throughout who is responsible, with oversight from the firm to Deloitte Global that its people have
applicable Deloitte firm’s leadership or read, understood, and agree to comply with
the world. Deloitte Global was an early
governing body, for the applicable Deloitte the local anti-corruption policy and are not in
signatory to the United Nations Global
firm’s anti-corruption program; violation of this policy, and understand their
Compact (UNGC) and to the World
obligation for reporting actions that do not
Economic Forum’s Partnering Against • Annual Deloitte firm anti-corruption selfcomply with this policy.
assessments, guidance, and tools (including
Corruption Initiative (PACI).
guidance on anti-corruption testing and Additionally, Deloitte Global has a written policy
Deloitte Global’s anti-corruption policy includes monitoring) to help measure the requiring member firms to escalate corruption1
requirements for Deloitte firms' own anti- effectiveness of anti-corruption programs incidents meeting established criteria to the
corruption programs and addresses matters across Deloitte; appropriate Deloitte Global senior leaders. In
such as bribery, facilitation payments, political FY2023, no substantiated incidents of
• A globally consistent process to perform antiand charitable contributions, and gifts and corruption were reported to Deloitte Global
corruption due diligence on non-client third
entertainment. This policy requires Deloitte under this policy.
parties, including subcontractors,
firms to conduct business in accordance with
marketplace alliances, vendors, and All Deloitte people are required to complete
certain anti-corruption principles, including that
suppliers; anti-corruption training—after being hired and
Deloitte neither makes nor accepts bribes, and
every other year thereafter—that includes
does not induce or permit any other party to • A process for Deloitte firms to perform or
applicable policies, corruption red flags, and
make or receive bribes on our behalf. update corruption risk assessments at least
case scenarios.
annually;
The Deloitte Global anti-corruption team and
Deloitte Global conducts a review program to
Deloitte firm anti-corruption leaders work • Channels for Deloitte people to report
assess compliance with anti-corruption policies
closely with senior Deloitte leaders to build and concerns;
and drive continuous improvement in Deloitte
enhance a globally consistent, internal anti-
• Supporting activities—including firm anti-corruption programs.
corruption program across the Deloitte
communications, workshops, and webinars—
organization, which includes the following
to facilitate the sharing of leading practices; Mohammed Ahmed
elements:
and Deloitte Global Anti-corruption and Financial Crime
Compliance leader
mahmed@deloitte.com
1 For the purpose of this disclosure, “corruption” is defined as any form of bribery including offering, promising, giving, accepting, or soliciting anything of value for the purpose of
gaining or securing any improper business advantage.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 77]
Building better futures | 77 Anti-corruption commitment Deloitte actively supports multiple efforts • Appointment of an Anti-Corruption leader • An annual confirmation from each member to help eradicate corruption throughout who is responsible, with oversight from the firm to Deloitte Global that its people have applicable Deloitte firm’s leadership or read, understood, and agree to comply with the world. Deloitte Global was an early governing body, for the applicable Deloitte the local anti-corruption policy and are not in signatory to the United Nations Global firm’s anti-corruption program; violation of this policy, and understand their Compact (UNGC) and to the World obligation for reporting actions that do not Economic Forum’s Partnering Against • Annual Deloitte firm anti-corruption self- comply with this policy. assessments, guidance, and tools (including Corruption Initiative (PACI). guidance on anti-corruption testing and Additionally, Deloitte Global has a written policy Deloitte Global’s anti-corruption policy includes monitoring) to help measure the requiring member firms to escalate corruption1 requirements for Deloitte firms' own anti- effectiveness of anti-corruption programs incidents meeting established criteria to the corruption programs and addresses matters across Deloitte; appropriate Deloitte Global senior leaders. In such as bribery, facilitation payments, political FY2023, no substantiated incidents of • A globally consistent process to perform anti- and charitable contributions, and gifts and corruption were reported to Deloitte Global corruption due diligence on non-client third entertainment. This policy requires Deloitte under this policy. parties, including subcontractors, firms to conduct business in accordance with marketplace alliances, vendors, and All Deloitte people are required to complete certain anti-corruption principles, including that suppliers; anti-corruption training—after being hired and Deloitte neither makes nor accepts bribes, and every other year thereafter—that includes does not induce or permit any other party to • A process for Deloitte firms to perform or applicable policies, corruption red flags, and make or receive bribes on our behalf. update corruption risk assessments at least case scenarios. annually; The Deloitte Global anti-corruption team and Deloitte Global conducts a review program to Deloitte firm anti-corruption leaders work • Channels for Deloitte people to report assess compliance with anti-corruption policies closely with senior Deloitte leaders to build and concerns; and drive continuous improvement in Deloitte enhance a globally consistent, internal anti- • Supporting activities—including firm anti-corruption programs. corruption program across the Deloitte communications, workshops, and webinars— organization, which includes the following to facilitate the sharing of leading practices; Mohammed Ahmed elements: and Deloitte Global Anti-corruption and Financial Crime Compliance leader mahmed@deloitte.com 1 For the purpose of this disclosure, “corruption” is defined as any form of bribery including offering, promising, giving, accepting, or soliciting anything of value for the purpose of gaining or securing any improper business advantage. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 78
Confidentiality, privacy, and cybersecurity
Safeguarding confidential and personal Consistent with industry leading practices for Cybersecurity
information is core to the services Deloitte protecting confidential and personal
The Deloitte Global Cybersecurity organization
information, Deloitte has taken steps to remain
firms provide. Deloitte is committed to works with the Deloitte Global Confidentiality
secure, vigilant, and resilient, including:
protecting confidential and personal and Privacy Office, as well as Deloitte
information, including that of Deloitte • Understanding the risk environment; confidentiality, privacy, and cybersecurity
professionals throughout the Deloitte network,
clients and third parties, and to • Implementing policies, procedures, and
to execute a strategy designed to:
monitoring regulatory and legal controls designed to protect confidential and
requirements to support compliance. personal information; • Create a cohesive, worldwide cyber program
with consistent, high-quality security services;
• Responding to potential confidentiality and
Confidentiality and privacy
privacy incidents in a timely manner; and • Extend security tools worldwide for advanced
The Deloitte Global Confidentiality and Privacy protection of highly distributed data;
• Actively monitoring the effectiveness of
Office helps foster a culture across Deloitte that
confidentiality and privacy requirements • Implement and sustain technology
emphasizes the importance of protecting
across the Deloitte organization. safeguards to protect confidential and
confidential and personal information. This
personal information;
office sets guidelines, develops procedures, Deloitte is dedicated to complying with
provides consultation and training, and applicable privacy laws and regulations around • Prepare and implement plans to promptly
assesses the effectiveness of controls relating to the globe, including the European Union recover from and restore any systems that
confidentiality and privacy. The Deloitte Global General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). may be adversely impacted by a cyber
Confidentiality and Privacy Office works with Deloitte regularly monitors for changes in incident; and
Deloitte Technology, including the Deloitte privacy laws and regulations, and adjusts
• Reduce the risk of unauthorized exposure of
Global Cybersecurity organization, and the policies and procedures when appropriate.
confidential or personal information.
Deloitte Global Office of General Counsel, to Additionally, Deloitte performs an annual review
understand, prepare for, and respond to known process to verify Deloitte Global’s and Deloitte Graham McKay
and reasonably anticipated risks and threats member firms’ compliance with our Deloitte Global Confidentiality and Privacy leader and
facing our environment. confidentiality and privacy standards. Data Protection Officer
gmckay@deloitte.co.uk
Kevin Winter
Deloitte Global Chief Information Security Officer
kewinter@deloitte.com
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 78]
Building better futures | 78 Confidentiality, privacy, and cybersecurity Safeguarding confidential and personal Consistent with industry leading practices for Cybersecurity information is core to the services Deloitte protecting confidential and personal The Deloitte Global Cybersecurity organization information, Deloitte has taken steps to remain firms provide. Deloitte is committed to works with the Deloitte Global Confidentiality secure, vigilant, and resilient, including: protecting confidential and personal and Privacy Office, as well as Deloitte information, including that of Deloitte • Understanding the risk environment; confidentiality, privacy, and cybersecurity professionals throughout the Deloitte network, clients and third parties, and to • Implementing policies, procedures, and to execute a strategy designed to: monitoring regulatory and legal controls designed to protect confidential and requirements to support compliance. personal information; • Create a cohesive, worldwide cyber program with consistent, high-quality security services; • Responding to potential confidentiality and Confidentiality and privacy privacy incidents in a timely manner; and • Extend security tools worldwide for advanced The Deloitte Global Confidentiality and Privacy protection of highly distributed data; • Actively monitoring the effectiveness of Office helps foster a culture across Deloitte that confidentiality and privacy requirements • Implement and sustain technology emphasizes the importance of protecting across the Deloitte organization. safeguards to protect confidential and confidential and personal information. This personal information; office sets guidelines, develops procedures, Deloitte is dedicated to complying with provides consultation and training, and applicable privacy laws and regulations around • Prepare and implement plans to promptly assesses the effectiveness of controls relating to the globe, including the European Union recover from and restore any systems that confidentiality and privacy. The Deloitte Global General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). may be adversely impacted by a cyber Confidentiality and Privacy Office works with Deloitte regularly monitors for changes in incident; and Deloitte Technology, including the Deloitte privacy laws and regulations, and adjusts • Reduce the risk of unauthorized exposure of Global Cybersecurity organization, and the policies and procedures when appropriate. confidential or personal information. Deloitte Global Office of General Counsel, to Additionally, Deloitte performs an annual review understand, prepare for, and respond to known process to verify Deloitte Global’s and Deloitte Graham McKay and reasonably anticipated risks and threats member firms’ compliance with our Deloitte Global Confidentiality and Privacy leader and facing our environment. confidentiality and privacy standards. Data Protection Officer gmckay@deloitte.co.uk Kevin Winter Deloitte Global Chief Information Security Officer kewinter@deloitte.com BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 79
Deloitte organizational structure
Deloitte is made up of firms that are standards, and other professional protocols and Deloitte firms support and adhere to the
members of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu guidelines. purposes and policies of Deloitte Global by:
Limited (also referred to as “Deloitte Deloitte firms are not subsidiaries or branch • Conducting themselves in a manner that
Global”), a private company limited by offices of a global parent, but instead comprise sustains the reputation of the Deloitte
guarantee, incorporated in England & separate and distinct legal entities. The Deloitte organization;
organization is not a partnership, single firm, or
Wales. These member firms and each of • Aligning local strategies with those of Deloitte
multinational corporation.
their related entities (each a “Deloitte Global, as appropriate;
firm”), along with Deloitte Global and its This structure confers significant strengths,
• Adhering to professional standards, Deloitte’s
related entities, form the Deloitte including a deep understanding of local markets
Shared Values, and Deloitte policies
and a sense of responsibility among Deloitte
organization. concerning systems of quality control; and
firm professionals, who have direct stakes in the
This structure allows Deloitte to be an industry integrity and growth of their local practices. • Advising Deloitte Global of proposed joint
leader at all levels—locally, nationally, and ventures, mergers, and other cooperation
The Deloitte organization achieves economies of
globally. Individual Deloitte firms have access to arrangements with other Deloitte firms.
scale with centers of excellence, global delivery
the skills and knowledge of, and the ability to
centers, and other network approaches that are
consult within, the Deloitte organization. They Belinda O’Toole
designed to deliver a consistent level of
also enjoy the benefit of Deloitte’s market Deloitte Global General Counsel
excellence around the world. belotoole@deloitte.com.au
recognition and reputation. Deloitte Global does
not provide services to clients, nor does it direct Danielle Almagor
Global approach
or control the decisions Deloitte firms make with Deloitte Global Deputy General Counsel, Corporate
dalmagor@deloitte.com
respect to the clients they serve. As part of the Deloitte organization, Deloitte
firms benefit from shared values, investments,
The member firms are primarily organized on
and resources that enhance their individual
an individual country or regional basis, and each
abilities to provide core services to key local and
operates within the legal and regulatory
global clients and development opportunities
framework of its particular jurisdiction(s). They
for their people. They also are able to leverage
are separate and independent firms that have
Deloitte’s brand, eminence, and intellectual
come together to practice under a common
property.
brand and shared methodologies, client service
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 79]
Building better futures | 79 Deloitte organizational structure Deloitte is made up of firms that are standards, and other professional protocols and Deloitte firms support and adhere to the members of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu guidelines. purposes and policies of Deloitte Global by: Limited (also referred to as “Deloitte Deloitte firms are not subsidiaries or branch • Conducting themselves in a manner that Global”), a private company limited by offices of a global parent, but instead comprise sustains the reputation of the Deloitte guarantee, incorporated in England & separate and distinct legal entities. The Deloitte organization; organization is not a partnership, single firm, or Wales. These member firms and each of • Aligning local strategies with those of Deloitte multinational corporation. their related entities (each a “Deloitte Global, as appropriate; firm”), along with Deloitte Global and its This structure confers significant strengths, • Adhering to professional standards, Deloitte’s related entities, form the Deloitte including a deep understanding of local markets Shared Values, and Deloitte policies and a sense of responsibility among Deloitte organization. concerning systems of quality control; and firm professionals, who have direct stakes in the This structure allows Deloitte to be an industry integrity and growth of their local practices. • Advising Deloitte Global of proposed joint leader at all levels—locally, nationally, and ventures, mergers, and other cooperation The Deloitte organization achieves economies of globally. Individual Deloitte firms have access to arrangements with other Deloitte firms. scale with centers of excellence, global delivery the skills and knowledge of, and the ability to centers, and other network approaches that are consult within, the Deloitte organization. They Belinda O’Toole designed to deliver a consistent level of also enjoy the benefit of Deloitte’s market Deloitte Global General Counsel excellence around the world. belotoole@deloitte.com.au recognition and reputation. Deloitte Global does not provide services to clients, nor does it direct Danielle Almagor Global approach or control the decisions Deloitte firms make with Deloitte Global Deputy General Counsel, Corporate dalmagor@deloitte.com respect to the clients they serve. As part of the Deloitte organization, Deloitte firms benefit from shared values, investments, The member firms are primarily organized on and resources that enhance their individual an individual country or regional basis, and each abilities to provide core services to key local and operates within the legal and regulatory global clients and development opportunities framework of its particular jurisdiction(s). They for their people. They also are able to leverage are separate and independent firms that have Deloitte’s brand, eminence, and intellectual come together to practice under a common property. brand and shared methodologies, client service BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 80
Ethics
Deloitte’s reputation is one of our most The Deloitte Global Ethics team and Deloitte • laws. The global policy requires anticherished assets. It distinguishes Deloitte firms’ Ethics officers continue to work closely discrimination and anti-harassment training
with senior Deloitte leaders to build and for all Deloitte people upon joining and every
in the marketplace and enables us to
enhance the organization’s ethics program. The two years thereafter;
attract the world-class talent that is our
following codes and policies are foundational to
hallmark. That’s why Deloitte’s Ethics • A global familial and intimate personal
the ethics program, in setting clear
relationships policy that sets out the
teams work diligently and proactively to
expectations:
requirements for Deloitte firms’ own
continually advance the culture of
• The Global Code and Deloitte firms’ codes of individual policies and processes, subject to
integrity across the organization. Deloitte
conduct, which provide additional local local laws, designed to help ensure that
is committed to conducting business with
guidance, detailed expectations, consultation working relationships are, and are perceived
transparency, honesty, and the utmost channels, links to policies and guidelines, and to be, objective, fair, and at arm’s length, and
professionalism. further support for Deloitte people; to mitigate real or perceived conflicts of
interest; and
OurGlobal Principles of Business • A global ethics policy that sets out the
Conduct(“Global Code”) outline Deloitte’s ethical requirements for Deloitte firms’ ethics • A global non-retaliation policy that articulates
commitments and expectations of our 457,000 programs, along with an Ethics Officer Deloitte’s commitment to a non-retaliatory
Deloitte people globally, giving the organization Playbook, to set clear expectations and workplace, with monitoring procedures to
a strong foundation built upon indelible reinforce the strategic role and support this.
principles. At Deloitte, we have placed ethical responsibilities of Deloitte firms’ Ethics
culture and values at the heart of our agenda, officers;
and we understand the critical responsibility
• A global anti-discrimination and antiDeloitte has to build trust and serve the public
harassment (including discrimination on the
interest. Driving a proactive approach to ethics,
grounds of sex, gender identity, or sexual
and building and sustaining a culture of
orientation, and sexual harassment) policy
integrity, helps Deloitte people make the most
that sets out the requirements for Deloitte
appropriate professional decisions.
firms’ own individual policies, subject to local
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 80]
Building better futures | 80 Ethics Deloitte’s reputation is one of our most The Deloitte Global Ethics team and Deloitte • laws. The global policy requires anti- cherished assets. It distinguishes Deloitte firms’ Ethics officers continue to work closely discrimination and anti-harassment training with senior Deloitte leaders to build and for all Deloitte people upon joining and every in the marketplace and enables us to enhance the organization’s ethics program. The two years thereafter; attract the world-class talent that is our following codes and policies are foundational to hallmark. That’s why Deloitte’s Ethics • A global familial and intimate personal the ethics program, in setting clear relationships policy that sets out the teams work diligently and proactively to expectations: requirements for Deloitte firms’ own continually advance the culture of • The Global Code and Deloitte firms’ codes of individual policies and processes, subject to integrity across the organization. Deloitte conduct, which provide additional local local laws, designed to help ensure that is committed to conducting business with guidance, detailed expectations, consultation working relationships are, and are perceived transparency, honesty, and the utmost channels, links to policies and guidelines, and to be, objective, fair, and at arm’s length, and professionalism. further support for Deloitte people; to mitigate real or perceived conflicts of interest; and OurGlobal Principles of Business • A global ethics policy that sets out the Conduct(“Global Code”) outline Deloitte’s ethical requirements for Deloitte firms’ ethics • A global non-retaliation policy that articulates commitments and expectations of our 457,000 programs, along with an Ethics Officer Deloitte’s commitment to a non-retaliatory Deloitte people globally, giving the organization Playbook, to set clear expectations and workplace, with monitoring procedures to a strong foundation built upon indelible reinforce the strategic role and support this. principles. At Deloitte, we have placed ethical responsibilities of Deloitte firms’ Ethics culture and values at the heart of our agenda, officers; and we understand the critical responsibility • A global anti-discrimination and anti- Deloitte has to build trust and serve the public harassment (including discrimination on the interest. Driving a proactive approach to ethics, grounds of sex, gender identity, or sexual and building and sustaining a culture of orientation, and sexual harassment) policy integrity, helps Deloitte people make the most that sets out the requirements for Deloitte appropriate professional decisions. firms’ own individual policies, subject to local BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 81
Training, consultation channels, support • Channels for consultation and reporting
activities, and review programs are also core ethics concerns that emphasize
elements of the ethics program, in helping confidentiality and nonretaliation—directly to
Deloitte people understand and apply these Ethics or Talent teams; via managers, team
expectations. These include: leaders, or managing directors, and member
firm partners; or using the third-party ethics
• Ethical due diligence processes for Deloitte
helpline Deloitte Speak Up and similar, thirdfirm CEOs, board chairs, and other senior
party local services—that are supported by
leaders, and enhanced expectations for firms’
training and communications;
boards of directors in governing ethical
culture, ethical risks, and ethics program • Support activities—including
agendas; communications, webinars, and continuing
education—to facilitate the sharing of leading
• Deloitte ethics training programs—including
practices among Deloitte firm Ethics teams;
online courses, classroom and virtual
programs, and facilitator-led interactive case • An annual ethics survey, guidance on
discussions—and communications conduct risk assessment, and other tools to
campaigns. Ethics training is required for all measure the effectiveness of ethics programs
new hires upon joining Deloitte; upon across Deloitte;
promotion to manager, senior manager, and
• An annual confirmation by Deloitte people
partner (specific to their roles); and for all
that they have read, understood, and are
Deloitte people every two years. Additional
following the Global Code; and
ethics training is also delivered to members
of the Deloitte Global Board of Directors and • Detailed review programs to measure and
Deloitte firm boards on a periodic basis. This monitor compliance with the global ethics
training emphasizes how boards can policy and drive improvement in Deloitte firm
influence organizational ethics and the ethics programs over time.
importance of setting a strong tone from the
top;
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 81]
Building better futures | 81 Training, consultation channels, support • Channels for consultation and reporting activities, and review programs are also core ethics concerns that emphasize elements of the ethics program, in helping confidentiality and nonretaliation—directly to Deloitte people understand and apply these Ethics or Talent teams; via managers, team expectations. These include: leaders, or managing directors, and member firm partners; or using the third-party ethics • Ethical due diligence processes for Deloitte helpline Deloitte Speak Up and similar, third- firm CEOs, board chairs, and other senior party local services—that are supported by leaders, and enhanced expectations for firms’ training and communications; boards of directors in governing ethical culture, ethical risks, and ethics program • Support activities—including agendas; communications, webinars, and continuing education—to facilitate the sharing of leading • Deloitte ethics training programs—including practices among Deloitte firm Ethics teams; online courses, classroom and virtual programs, and facilitator-led interactive case • An annual ethics survey, guidance on discussions—and communications conduct risk assessment, and other tools to campaigns. Ethics training is required for all measure the effectiveness of ethics programs new hires upon joining Deloitte; upon across Deloitte; promotion to manager, senior manager, and • An annual confirmation by Deloitte people partner (specific to their roles); and for all that they have read, understood, and are Deloitte people every two years. Additional following the Global Code; and ethics training is also delivered to members of the Deloitte Global Board of Directors and • Detailed review programs to measure and Deloitte firm boards on a periodic basis. This monitor compliance with the global ethics training emphasizes how boards can policy and drive improvement in Deloitte firm influence organizational ethics and the ethics programs over time. importance of setting a strong tone from the top; BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 82
External commitments • Deloitte’s Human Rights Statement is • Cercle Ethiquedes Affaires (French European
underpinned by our Shared Values that set Business Ethics Network member). Deloitte
Further to our internal commitments, programs,
the expectations we have for our people. We France is represented.
and approaches—and in support of the
believe all people are born free and equal in
principles of Deloitte’s Global Code—our • Center of Excellence in Ethics and Business,
dignity and rights, and we are committed to
Commitment to Responsible Business Practices, University La Salle of Mexico. The Center is
respecting and advancing human rights
Supplier Code of Conduct, and Human Rights sponsored by Deloitte Spanish-Latin America.
within our organization.
Statement codify Deloitte’s long-held beliefs and
• ICAEW (Institute of Chartered Accountants for
principles around these key areas:
Multilateral initiatives England and Wales) Ethics Standards
• Deloitte’s Commitment to Responsible Committee. Deloitte UK’s Deputy Ethics
Deloitte plays a role in various external efforts
Business Practices is rooted in our Partner is a member.
to promote ethical conduct in the business
Purpose—more than 175 years of making an
world. These include: • Danish Business Authority (the Danish audit
impact that matters for our clients, people,
regulator). Deloitte Denmark is represented
and society. It outlines the responsible • University of Notre Dame Deloitte Center for
on the Advisory Board (“Revisorrådet”).
business principles we believe in and the Ethical Leadership. Members of the advisory
commitments we have made. These are board include retired Deloitte LLP (US) • Danish Ethics Committee of FSR –Danish
embedded in our policies and inform our leaders. Auditors. Deloitte Denmark is represented.
decision-making.
• Ethics Research Center (the research arm of
Deborah Rheder
• Deloitte’s Supplier Code of Conduct (“Supplier the Ethics and Compliance Initiative). Deloitte Deloitte Global Ethics leader
Code”)outlines our expectations of US is represented on its board of directors. drheder@deloitte.com
suppliers—that they support our
• The Ethics Centre (Canadian Centre for Ethics
commitment to doing not only what is good
and Corporate Policy). Deloitte Canada is
for business, but also what is good for
represented on its board of directors.
society. The Supplier Code focuses on human
rights by requiring suppliers to treat workers • Cercle Ethiquedes Affaires (French European
with dignity and respect and not subject Business Ethics Network member). Deloitte
them to demeaning conditions. This includes France is represented.
prohibiting child and forced labor.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 82]
Building better futures | 82 External commitments • Deloitte’s Human Rights Statement is • Cercle Ethiquedes Affaires (French European underpinned by our Shared Values that set Business Ethics Network member). Deloitte Further to our internal commitments, programs, the expectations we have for our people. We France is represented. and approaches—and in support of the believe all people are born free and equal in principles of Deloitte’s Global Code—our • Center of Excellence in Ethics and Business, dignity and rights, and we are committed to Commitment to Responsible Business Practices, University La Salle of Mexico. The Center is respecting and advancing human rights Supplier Code of Conduct, and Human Rights sponsored by Deloitte Spanish-Latin America. within our organization. Statement codify Deloitte’s long-held beliefs and • ICAEW (Institute of Chartered Accountants for principles around these key areas: Multilateral initiatives England and Wales) Ethics Standards • Deloitte’s Commitment to Responsible Committee. Deloitte UK’s Deputy Ethics Deloitte plays a role in various external efforts Business Practices is rooted in our Partner is a member. to promote ethical conduct in the business Purpose—more than 175 years of making an world. These include: • Danish Business Authority (the Danish audit impact that matters for our clients, people, regulator). Deloitte Denmark is represented and society. It outlines the responsible • University of Notre Dame Deloitte Center for on the Advisory Board (“Revisorrådet”). business principles we believe in and the Ethical Leadership. Members of the advisory commitments we have made. These are board include retired Deloitte LLP (US) • Danish Ethics Committee of FSR –Danish embedded in our policies and inform our leaders. Auditors. Deloitte Denmark is represented. decision-making. • Ethics Research Center (the research arm of Deborah Rheder • Deloitte’s Supplier Code of Conduct (“Supplier the Ethics and Compliance Initiative). Deloitte Deloitte Global Ethics leader Code”)outlines our expectations of US is represented on its board of directors. drheder@deloitte.com suppliers—that they support our • The Ethics Centre (Canadian Centre for Ethics commitment to doing not only what is good and Corporate Policy). Deloitte Canada is for business, but also what is good for represented on its board of directors. society. The Supplier Code focuses on human rights by requiring suppliers to treat workers • Cercle Ethiquedes Affaires (French European with dignity and respect and not subject Business Ethics Network member). Deloitte them to demeaning conditions. This includes France is represented. prohibiting child and forced labor. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 83
Global security
Threats come in many sizes and forms, In the event of an emergency while traveling ability to respond to crisis events impacting our
including geopolitical instability, crime, overseas, Deloitte people have access to a 24- people and business operations. As of July 2023,
hour service delivered by a leading emergency all Deloitte firms and Deloitte Global Operations
natural disasters, and global pandemics.
medical and security provider. This service have been certified under ISO 22301, the
The past year presented multiple
connects Deloitte people to medical services, leading international business continuity
challenges that had the potential to
security advice, and country-specific guidance standard.
threaten the safety of people around the
while they are traveling internationally. During
globe. Geopolitical and other risks FY2023, the GSO team responded to more than Additional highlights for FY2023
continued to emerge and evolve, including 200 requests for medical assistance, including
• The GSO team worked with more than 500
the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war and several critical emergency evacuations.
engagement teams and travelers to provide
multiple natural disasters. The Deloitte security briefings and design comprehensive
The war in Ukraine and political instability
Global Security Office (GSO) collaborates security plans for client support in higher-risk
with Deloitte firms worldwide to help keep As the war in Ukraine continues through a locations.
second year, Deloitte Global continues to
Deloitte people safe, particularly during • On-site crisis management workshops were
provide support to Deloitte Ukraine’s people
times of emergency or when Deloitte conducted for Deloitte firms in Europe and
and practice. This includes daily monitoring of
firms are called upon by clients to work in the Americas.
impacts from the war, contingency planning,
higher-risk areas. and regular update calls with Deloitte Ukraine’s • As the threat of potential energy shortages
Managing Partner as part of Deloitte Global’s emerged, the GSO team established crossKeeping Deloitte people safe response efforts. Our global emergency functional working groups with Deloitte firms
communications system has been used to assess the risks and develop business
Staying on top of world events and identifying
regularly to conduct wellness checks and to continuity plans.
potential threats is key to our Deloitte Global
issue emergency messages to confirm the
Security strategy. In the event of an unexpected • The GSO completed virtual webinars and
safety of our Ukraine-based Deloitte people
crisis, the GSO team is ready to respond quickly training programs for Deloitte internal
following major attacks.
by coordinating closely with local Deloitte firms security and resilience professionals to raise
to help account for the safety of their people Recent developments around the world awareness and understanding of business
and provide necessary relief while minimizing highlight the ongoing importance of business continuity planning.
the impact to Deloitte business operations. continuity planning in Deloitte’s preparation and
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 83]
Building better futures | 83 Global security Threats come in many sizes and forms, In the event of an emergency while traveling ability to respond to crisis events impacting our including geopolitical instability, crime, overseas, Deloitte people have access to a 24- people and business operations. As of July 2023, hour service delivered by a leading emergency all Deloitte firms and Deloitte Global Operations natural disasters, and global pandemics. medical and security provider. This service have been certified under ISO 22301, the The past year presented multiple connects Deloitte people to medical services, leading international business continuity challenges that had the potential to security advice, and country-specific guidance standard. threaten the safety of people around the while they are traveling internationally. During globe. Geopolitical and other risks FY2023, the GSO team responded to more than Additional highlights for FY2023 continued to emerge and evolve, including 200 requests for medical assistance, including • The GSO team worked with more than 500 the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war and several critical emergency evacuations. engagement teams and travelers to provide multiple natural disasters. The Deloitte security briefings and design comprehensive The war in Ukraine and political instability Global Security Office (GSO) collaborates security plans for client support in higher-risk with Deloitte firms worldwide to help keep As the war in Ukraine continues through a locations. second year, Deloitte Global continues to Deloitte people safe, particularly during • On-site crisis management workshops were provide support to Deloitte Ukraine’s people times of emergency or when Deloitte conducted for Deloitte firms in Europe and and practice. This includes daily monitoring of firms are called upon by clients to work in the Americas. impacts from the war, contingency planning, higher-risk areas. and regular update calls with Deloitte Ukraine’s • As the threat of potential energy shortages Managing Partner as part of Deloitte Global’s emerged, the GSO team established cross- Keeping Deloitte people safe response efforts. Our global emergency functional working groups with Deloitte firms communications system has been used to assess the risks and develop business Staying on top of world events and identifying regularly to conduct wellness checks and to continuity plans. potential threats is key to our Deloitte Global issue emergency messages to confirm the Security strategy. In the event of an unexpected • The GSO completed virtual webinars and safety of our Ukraine-based Deloitte people crisis, the GSO team is ready to respond quickly training programs for Deloitte internal following major attacks. by coordinating closely with local Deloitte firms security and resilience professionals to raise to help account for the safety of their people Recent developments around the world awareness and understanding of business and provide necessary relief while minimizing highlight the ongoing importance of business continuity planning. the impact to Deloitte business operations. continuity planning in Deloitte’s preparation and BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 84
• Additionally, the GSO team is in the process
of rolling out an enhanced global emergency
communication platform with additional
capabilities.
Ava Cooper-Davis
Deloitte Global Chief Security Officer
acooperdavis@deloitte.com
Sean Toohey
Deloitte Global Deputy Chief Security Officer
stoohey@deloitte.com
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 84]
Building better futures | 84 • Additionally, the GSO team is in the process of rolling out an enhanced global emergency communication platform with additional capabilities. Ava Cooper-Davis Deloitte Global Chief Security Officer acooperdavis@deloitte.com Sean Toohey Deloitte Global Deputy Chief Security Officer stoohey@deloitte.com BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 85
Human rights
At Deloitte, we believe all people are born Our Statement is based on the values and guiding principles. Each is overseen by a
free and equal in dignity and rights. Our principles stated in theInternational Bill of Deloitte Global leader responsible for its
Human Rights and is further guided by the strategy and implementation.
commitment to human rights is inherent
United Nations Guiding Principles on Business
in our Purpose, to make an impact that Deloitte’s Global Principles of Business Conduct
and Human Rights (UNGP), and the
matters, and is underpinned by our (“Global Code”) articulates the standards that
Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Deloitte people should uphold and reflects our
Shared Values that set the expectations
Development (OECD) Guidelines for
Shared Values and core belief that ethics and
we have for our people. In 2023, we Multinational Enterprises.
integrity are non-negotiable. These principles
solidified our commitment to advancing
are incorporated into our mandatory training
human rights across our organization by Our approach
programs, which help empower our people at
launching a Human Rights Statement We commit to advancing the following human all levels with the knowledge and skills
(“Statement”). Human rights are a rights within our organization through: necessary to uphold our Global Code. Through
universal, and through the commitments these and other approaches, we actively work to
• Employment and workers’ rights
prevent and mitigate human rights impacts.
we set out in this statement, we
• Equality and non-discriminatory treatment
acknowledge our responsibility across our We expect organizations with which we have a
organization and beyond. • Environmental sustainability business relationship to uphold our
commitment to human rights and responsible
• Education and skills development
business practices. Deloitte’s Supplier Code of
• Anti-corruption Conduct defines our expectations of suppliers,
including treating workers with dignity and
• Privacy
respect and not subjecting them to demeaning
• Trustworthy technology conditions. Deloitte’s Commitment to
Responsible Business Practices articulates our
Each of these human rights is accompanied by
beliefs and commitments to responsible
its dedicated policy or initiative that enables us
business decision-making, and outlines our
to embed respect for human rights in our
approach to our business relationships,
organization—such as ethics; inclusion;
including with whom we work and the work we
WorldClimate; WorldClass; anti-corruption, antido.
harassment, and privacypolicies and programs;
and ethical technology
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 85]
Building better futures | 85 Human rights At Deloitte, we believe all people are born Our Statement is based on the values and guiding principles. Each is overseen by a free and equal in dignity and rights. Our principles stated in theInternational Bill of Deloitte Global leader responsible for its Human Rights and is further guided by the strategy and implementation. commitment to human rights is inherent United Nations Guiding Principles on Business in our Purpose, to make an impact that Deloitte’s Global Principles of Business Conduct and Human Rights (UNGP), and the matters, and is underpinned by our (“Global Code”) articulates the standards that Organization for Economic Co-operation and Deloitte people should uphold and reflects our Shared Values that set the expectations Development (OECD) Guidelines for Shared Values and core belief that ethics and we have for our people. In 2023, we Multinational Enterprises. integrity are non-negotiable. These principles solidified our commitment to advancing are incorporated into our mandatory training human rights across our organization by Our approach programs, which help empower our people at launching a Human Rights Statement We commit to advancing the following human all levels with the knowledge and skills (“Statement”). Human rights are a rights within our organization through: necessary to uphold our Global Code. Through universal, and through the commitments these and other approaches, we actively work to • Employment and workers’ rights prevent and mitigate human rights impacts. we set out in this statement, we • Equality and non-discriminatory treatment acknowledge our responsibility across our We expect organizations with which we have a organization and beyond. • Environmental sustainability business relationship to uphold our commitment to human rights and responsible • Education and skills development business practices. Deloitte’s Supplier Code of • Anti-corruption Conduct defines our expectations of suppliers, including treating workers with dignity and • Privacy respect and not subjecting them to demeaning • Trustworthy technology conditions. Deloitte’s Commitment to Responsible Business Practices articulates our Each of these human rights is accompanied by beliefs and commitments to responsible its dedicated policy or initiative that enables us business decision-making, and outlines our to embed respect for human rights in our approach to our business relationships, organization—such as ethics; inclusion; including with whom we work and the work we WorldClimate; WorldClass; anti-corruption, anti- do. harassment, and privacypolicies and programs; and ethical technology BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 86
In jurisdictions where national law and our our organization. Ongoing monitoring and risk respecting and promoting the United Nations
human rights commitments conflict, we will management is integrated across our Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which
comply with national law and use our influence organization. aim to realize equal human rights for all through
torespect and promote international human economic, social and environmental
Investigations and remediations are conducted
rights. development.
with the highest level of integrity, including
To report on our human rights initiatives, we maintaining confidentiality, meaning that Human rights matters can be challenging to
rely on key performance indicators (KPIs) that information will only be shared with those who identify, address, and remediate. We are
are included throughout this report. This have a true need to know. Per our non- committed to adapting and improving our
integrated approach ensures that the metrics retaliation policy, we prohibit retaliation against processes and procedures going forward, as
used to measure progress in other areas, such those who report or who otherwise participate well as further evolving this statement and our
as environmental, social, and governance, are in related investigations. commitments.
also used to measure Deloitte’s advancement in
The Deloitte Global Chief Ethics Officer and
human rights. The KPIs throughout the report Elizabeth Faber
Deloitte Global Chief People and Purpose
provide an evaluation of our efforts and affirm Deloitte Global Chief People and Purpose Officer
Officer oversee our Human Rights Statement, efaber@deloitte.com
the interconnectedness of human rights with
and the Statement is supported by leaders
our organization’s strategy. Deborah Rheder
within Deloitte firms. Both of theseDeloitte
Deloitte Global Ethics leader
Global leaders report annually to the Deloitte drheder@deloitte.com
Raising concerns
Global Board on their respective areas of
Our people play an important role in supporting responsibility. Externally, we communicate our
our human rights efforts and are encouraged to human rights impacts and progress annually in
speak up whenever they have concerns this Global Impact Report and our United
regarding a human rights matter. Deloitte’s Nations Global Compact Communication on
Speak Up helpline (and equivalents) and Progress.
Deloitte firms’ ethics officers are available to
Deloitte people for consultation on concerns or Moving forward
to report observed misconduct related to
Deloitte is committed to leading the way in
Deloitte people, clients or third parties.
society as a role model for positive change. We
Deloitte’s public reporting channel is available
are a founding signatory of the United Nations
for external third parties. Deloitte’s human
Global Compact(UNGC) and are committed to
rights due diligence process aims to identify,
its Ten Principles.We are also committed to
prevent, mitigate, and remedy impacts across
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 86]
Building better futures | 86 In jurisdictions where national law and our our organization. Ongoing monitoring and risk respecting and promoting the United Nations human rights commitments conflict, we will management is integrated across our Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which comply with national law and use our influence organization. aim to realize equal human rights for all through torespect and promote international human economic, social and environmental Investigations and remediations are conducted rights. development. with the highest level of integrity, including To report on our human rights initiatives, we maintaining confidentiality, meaning that Human rights matters can be challenging to rely on key performance indicators (KPIs) that information will only be shared with those who identify, address, and remediate. We are are included throughout this report. This have a true need to know. Per our non- committed to adapting and improving our integrated approach ensures that the metrics retaliation policy, we prohibit retaliation against processes and procedures going forward, as used to measure progress in other areas, such those who report or who otherwise participate well as further evolving this statement and our as environmental, social, and governance, are in related investigations. commitments. also used to measure Deloitte’s advancement in The Deloitte Global Chief Ethics Officer and human rights. The KPIs throughout the report Elizabeth Faber Deloitte Global Chief People and Purpose provide an evaluation of our efforts and affirm Deloitte Global Chief People and Purpose Officer Officer oversee our Human Rights Statement, efaber@deloitte.com the interconnectedness of human rights with and the Statement is supported by leaders our organization’s strategy. Deborah Rheder within Deloitte firms. Both of theseDeloitte Deloitte Global Ethics leader Global leaders report annually to the Deloitte drheder@deloitte.com Raising concerns Global Board on their respective areas of Our people play an important role in supporting responsibility. Externally, we communicate our our human rights efforts and are encouraged to human rights impacts and progress annually in speak up whenever they have concerns this Global Impact Report and our United regarding a human rights matter. Deloitte’s Nations Global Compact Communication on Speak Up helpline (and equivalents) and Progress. Deloitte firms’ ethics officers are available to Deloitte people for consultation on concerns or Moving forward to report observed misconduct related to Deloitte is committed to leading the way in Deloitte people, clients or third parties. society as a role model for positive change. We Deloitte’s public reporting channel is available are a founding signatory of the United Nations for external third parties. Deloitte’s human Global Compact(UNGC) and are committed to rights due diligence process aims to identify, its Ten Principles.We are also committed to prevent, mitigate, and remedy impacts across BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 87
Independence
Independence and quality, underpinned Protecting the public interest When national or regional requirements are
by our Shared Values, are essential to more restrictive than the requirements in the
The Deloitte Global Board of Directors has
Deloitte Global policies, Deloitte firms and their
Deloitte’s objectivity, integrity, impartiality, adopted robust independence policies and
people must meet those jurisdictions’
responsibility to the investing public, and procedures (including around global systems
requirements as well.
ability to attract and retain clients. and tools) to help Deloitte and its people
safeguard their objectivity.
Standards for independence are shaped Maintaining independence
by legislation, regulations, professional All Deloitte people are required to follow the
Deloitte frequently serves global clients in
requirements, and public expectations. independence policies and procedures, which
multiple jurisdictions. When considering
Maintaining independence in fact and address professional and regulatory
whether to accept a new client or a new
requirements related to the provision of
appearance is a professional obligation to engagement at an existing client, each Deloitte
services as well as business, employment, and
which all Deloitte people must adhere. firm must account for the independence
financial relationships.
requirements in all applicable jurisdictions. For
These policies and procedures are designed to existing audit clients, a Deloitte firm must
help Deloitte people understand and meet evaluate the independence implications of other
independence standards and regulatory Deloitte firms' contemplated relationships with
requirements as an integral component of that client, including the provision of nonachieving excellence in service delivery. These assurance services.
policies and procedures are based primarily on
Each Deloitte firm has an Independence leader
independence standards and regulations of the:
who is responsible for overseeing
• International Code of Ethics for Professional independence matters, including the design,
Accountants (including International implementation, operation, and monitoring of
Independence Standards) issued by the the system of quality management related to
International Ethics Standards Board for independence. Deloitte Global sets policies and
Accountants (IESBA); procedural expectations, provides global
systems to support the execution of Deloitte
• US Securities and Exchange Commission
firms’ quality controls, offers technical
(SEC); and
independence knowledge and insights, and
• Public Company Accounting Oversight Board performs independent periodic reviews of
(PCAOB). Deloitte firms.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 87]
Building better futures | 87 Independence Independence and quality, underpinned Protecting the public interest When national or regional requirements are by our Shared Values, are essential to more restrictive than the requirements in the The Deloitte Global Board of Directors has Deloitte Global policies, Deloitte firms and their Deloitte’s objectivity, integrity, impartiality, adopted robust independence policies and people must meet those jurisdictions’ responsibility to the investing public, and procedures (including around global systems requirements as well. ability to attract and retain clients. and tools) to help Deloitte and its people safeguard their objectivity. Standards for independence are shaped Maintaining independence by legislation, regulations, professional All Deloitte people are required to follow the Deloitte frequently serves global clients in requirements, and public expectations. independence policies and procedures, which multiple jurisdictions. When considering Maintaining independence in fact and address professional and regulatory whether to accept a new client or a new requirements related to the provision of appearance is a professional obligation to engagement at an existing client, each Deloitte services as well as business, employment, and which all Deloitte people must adhere. firm must account for the independence financial relationships. requirements in all applicable jurisdictions. For These policies and procedures are designed to existing audit clients, a Deloitte firm must help Deloitte people understand and meet evaluate the independence implications of other independence standards and regulatory Deloitte firms' contemplated relationships with requirements as an integral component of that client, including the provision of non- achieving excellence in service delivery. These assurance services. policies and procedures are based primarily on Each Deloitte firm has an Independence leader independence standards and regulations of the: who is responsible for overseeing • International Code of Ethics for Professional independence matters, including the design, Accountants (including International implementation, operation, and monitoring of Independence Standards) issued by the the system of quality management related to International Ethics Standards Board for independence. Deloitte Global sets policies and Accountants (IESBA); procedural expectations, provides global systems to support the execution of Deloitte • US Securities and Exchange Commission firms’ quality controls, offers technical (SEC); and independence knowledge and insights, and • Public Company Accounting Oversight Board performs independent periodic reviews of (PCAOB). Deloitte firms. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 88
These activities collectively raise awareness and
help Deloitte people worldwide comply with
rapidly changing and increasingly complex
requirements.
Elevating the focus
Deloitte operates in dynamic regulatory
environments in which national rulemaking
often has broad-reaching global implications.
Deloitte Global Independence leaders engage
with international professional bodies and
regulators to advance the development of
internationally accepted independence
requirements. Deloitte leadership reinforces the
importance of compliance with independence
and related quality management standards,
setting the appropriate tone at the top and
instilling its importance in the Shared Values
and culture of Deloitte.
Denise Canavan
Deloitte Global Independence leader
decanavan@deloitte.com
Melissa Langlois
Managing Director, Deloitte Global Independence
melanglois@deloitte.ca
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 88]
Building better futures | 88 These activities collectively raise awareness and help Deloitte people worldwide comply with rapidly changing and increasingly complex requirements. Elevating the focus Deloitte operates in dynamic regulatory environments in which national rulemaking often has broad-reaching global implications. Deloitte Global Independence leaders engage with international professional bodies and regulators to advance the development of internationally accepted independence requirements. Deloitte leadership reinforces the importance of compliance with independence and related quality management standards, setting the appropriate tone at the top and instilling its importance in the Shared Values and culture of Deloitte. Denise Canavan Deloitte Global Independence leader decanavan@deloitte.com Melissa Langlois Managing Director, Deloitte Global Independence melanglois@deloitte.ca BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 89
Leadership and governance
The Deloitte organization comprises The Global Board includes representation from The Deloitte Global Board has several
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited the majority of Deloitte member firms and committees to support its oversight and
reflects the geographic reach of Deloitte’s governance role and, from time to time,
(Deloitte Global), member firms of Deloitte
operations. Diversity—including that of gender, leverages other structures, such as working
Global, and each of their related entities
race and ethnicity, thought and life experience, groups, to provide oversight on specific
in more than 150 countries and
and professional background, as well as skills prevailing topics or strategic matters. The
territories, and has governance and
and capabilities—is considered in the selection current committees and working groups include
management structures in place at the of individuals, by their member firms, to these the:
Deloitte Global, member firm, and local positions. The Deloitte Global Board has 17
• Audit, Finance & Investment Committee
levels. members, with women making up 35% of the
(AFIC)
Board. Anna Marks, Chair of the Deloitte Global
Board of Directors, began her tenure on 1 June • Purpose, Sustainability & Culture Committee
The Deloitte Global Board of Directors
2023. The elected term is for four years. (PSCC)
The Deloitte Global Board of
Directorsaddresses DeloitteGlobal’smost All Deloitte Global Board members have full and • Risk & Ethics Committee (REC)
important governance matters, including active roles within their own member • Stewardship Committee (SC)
approval of the global strategy, annual budget firms/geographies, with the exception of the
and investment plan, major policies, major Global CEO and Chair. The Chair is a full-time • Transformation Committee (TC)
transactions, and the selection of the Deloitte committed role and consequently does not • Geopolitics Working Group (GWG)
Global CEO and Deloitte Global Chair. In retain any other active positions in the
addition, the Deloitte Global Board provides organization. No Deloitte Global Board • CEO Nominating Committee (currently
oversight of and support for the operation and members hold any significant positions or inactive)
performance of management. commitments in other commercial • Succession Planning Committee (currently
organizations.
inactive)
More information about Deloitte Global Board
members is available here.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 89]
Building better futures | 89 Leadership and governance The Deloitte organization comprises The Global Board includes representation from The Deloitte Global Board has several Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited the majority of Deloitte member firms and committees to support its oversight and reflects the geographic reach of Deloitte’s governance role and, from time to time, (Deloitte Global), member firms of Deloitte operations. Diversity—including that of gender, leverages other structures, such as working Global, and each of their related entities race and ethnicity, thought and life experience, groups, to provide oversight on specific in more than 150 countries and and professional background, as well as skills prevailing topics or strategic matters. The territories, and has governance and and capabilities—is considered in the selection current committees and working groups include management structures in place at the of individuals, by their member firms, to these the: Deloitte Global, member firm, and local positions. The Deloitte Global Board has 17 • Audit, Finance & Investment Committee levels. members, with women making up 35% of the (AFIC) Board. Anna Marks, Chair of the Deloitte Global Board of Directors, began her tenure on 1 June • Purpose, Sustainability & Culture Committee The Deloitte Global Board of Directors 2023. The elected term is for four years. (PSCC) The Deloitte Global Board of Directorsaddresses DeloitteGlobal’smost All Deloitte Global Board members have full and • Risk & Ethics Committee (REC) important governance matters, including active roles within their own member • Stewardship Committee (SC) approval of the global strategy, annual budget firms/geographies, with the exception of the and investment plan, major policies, major Global CEO and Chair. The Chair is a full-time • Transformation Committee (TC) transactions, and the selection of the Deloitte committed role and consequently does not • Geopolitics Working Group (GWG) Global CEO and Deloitte Global Chair. In retain any other active positions in the addition, the Deloitte Global Board provides organization. No Deloitte Global Board • CEO Nominating Committee (currently oversight of and support for the operation and members hold any significant positions or inactive) performance of management. commitments in other commercial • Succession Planning Committee (currently organizations. inactive) More information about Deloitte Global Board members is available here. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 90
The Deloitte Global Chair and Deputy Chair The Executive Committee also sets policies and Member firm leadership
receive input from the Deloitte Global champions initiatives that help Deloitte make an
Deloitte member firms, and in some cases their
Independent Non-Executive (INE) Advisory impact that matters for our clients, our people,
related entities, have their own leadership and
Council. The group provides advice and insights society, and other stakeholders.
governance bodies. To foster effective and
on a variety of matters, including strategy,
Deloitte Global Chief Executive Officer Joe responsive management within member firms,
planning, public policy, quality, risk and
Ucuzoglu, who began serving in the role on 1 member firm management and governance
regulatory matters, and broader stakeholder
January 2023, leads the Executive Committee. bodies are required by policy to include:
engagement. The Deloitte Global Chair and
Women comprise 38% of the members of the
Board also regularly engage with the Deloitte • A formal management structure, including an
Executive Committee (up from 23% in FY2022).
Community of Chairs, a broad group of chairs elected chief executive officer or managing
from Deloitte member firms and geographies. partner who is responsible for managing the
The Deloitte Global Operating Committee
Through the Community of Chairs, there is good member firm and working with the member
engagement and discussion across a range of The Deloitte Global Operating Committee firm's leaders to align its strategies with those
board matters between the Deloitte Global provides a vital link between strategy and of the Deloitte organization; and
Board and Deloitte leaders around the world. execution that helps Deloitte perform effectively
• A governing body, such as a board of
and efficiently.
directors, to facilitate sound governance.
The Deloitte Global Executive Committee
Deloitte Global Chief Operating Officer Donna
The Deloitte Global Executive Committee, Ward leads the Operating Committee. Members Em Sendall
currently composed of 21 senior leaders from include Deloitte Global business operations and Chief of Staff, Office of the Deloitte Global Chair
emsendall@deloitte.co.uk
Deloitte Global and select Deloitte member enabling area leaders, as well as chief operating
firms, is responsible for operating Deloitte officers from select member firms. Women Dina Tallarico
Global, as well as embedding Deloitte’s Purpose comprise 33% of the Operating Committee’s Chief of Staff, Office of the Deloitte Global CEO
dtallarico@deloitte.com
and advancing its strategic business priorities. membership.
Harriet Balsom
Chief of Staff, Office of the Deloitte Global COO
hbalsom@deloitte.co.uk
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 90]
Building better futures | 90 The Deloitte Global Chair and Deputy Chair The Executive Committee also sets policies and Member firm leadership receive input from the Deloitte Global champions initiatives that help Deloitte make an Deloitte member firms, and in some cases their Independent Non-Executive (INE) Advisory impact that matters for our clients, our people, related entities, have their own leadership and Council. The group provides advice and insights society, and other stakeholders. governance bodies. To foster effective and on a variety of matters, including strategy, Deloitte Global Chief Executive Officer Joe responsive management within member firms, planning, public policy, quality, risk and Ucuzoglu, who began serving in the role on 1 member firm management and governance regulatory matters, and broader stakeholder January 2023, leads the Executive Committee. bodies are required by policy to include: engagement. The Deloitte Global Chair and Women comprise 38% of the members of the Board also regularly engage with the Deloitte • A formal management structure, including an Executive Committee (up from 23% in FY2022). Community of Chairs, a broad group of chairs elected chief executive officer or managing from Deloitte member firms and geographies. partner who is responsible for managing the The Deloitte Global Operating Committee Through the Community of Chairs, there is good member firm and working with the member engagement and discussion across a range of The Deloitte Global Operating Committee firm's leaders to align its strategies with those board matters between the Deloitte Global provides a vital link between strategy and of the Deloitte organization; and Board and Deloitte leaders around the world. execution that helps Deloitte perform effectively • A governing body, such as a board of and efficiently. directors, to facilitate sound governance. The Deloitte Global Executive Committee Deloitte Global Chief Operating Officer Donna The Deloitte Global Executive Committee, Ward leads the Operating Committee. Members Em Sendall currently composed of 21 senior leaders from include Deloitte Global business operations and Chief of Staff, Office of the Deloitte Global Chair emsendall@deloitte.co.uk Deloitte Global and select Deloitte member enabling area leaders, as well as chief operating firms, is responsible for operating Deloitte officers from select member firms. Women Dina Tallarico Global, as well as embedding Deloitte’s Purpose comprise 33% of the Operating Committee’s Chief of Staff, Office of the Deloitte Global CEO dtallarico@deloitte.com and advancing its strategic business priorities. membership. Harriet Balsom Chief of Staff, Office of the Deloitte Global COO hbalsom@deloitte.co.uk BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 91
Public policy
The Deloitte Global Public Policy team Some of our key policy focus areas include: • Organization for Economic Co-operation and
participates in policy discussions focused Development (OECD), including Business at
• Championing the long-term health and
OECD (BIAC);
on some of today’s most important sustainability of the planet through reporting
socioeconomic issues facing business, of Environmental, Social, and Governance • Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum
government, and society, helping to (ESG) information; addressing the complexity (APEC);
of a just transition; and mobilizing finance
inform the policy debate and bring clarity • International Organization of Employers
towards a low-carbon future;
to the interconnected challenges facing (IOE);
the world. • Underscoring policies and other levers to
• German Marshall Fund (GMF); and
help enable workplace gender equality;
The unique breadth of Deloitte’s businesses,
• Social Progress Imperative (SPI).
and the perspectives gained by working with • Anticipating the future of regulation in an era
clients, through our people and through society, of exponential technological advancement, The Global Public Policy program is
informs our policy activities. The Deloitte Global including artificial intelligence; and complemented by a community of Deloitte firm
public policy programs. Together with business
Public Policy team works collectively with the
• Supporting a holistic approach to expanding
leaders and other key internal groups, Deloitte
Deloitte Global Strategy and Deloitte Global
the GDP framework and measuring wealth in
Global Public Policy coordinates public policy
Innovation teams to inform and amplify
a way that considers human, natural, and
insights, activities, and engagement, amplifying
Deloitte’s broader strategic and business
social capital, as well as financial capital, with
impact and influence.
interests, while demonstrating our unwavering
tools capable of validating progress to shape
commitment to the public interest.
decision-making at all stages of the policy
Simon Cleveland
The Deloitte Global Public Policy team executes process. Deloitte Global Public Policy leader
our policy agenda by engaging meaningfully scleveland@deloitte.co.uk
Deloitte people help advance our public policy
across the stakeholder ecosystem—advocating
agenda by working with key stakeholders within David Gruner
that business, government, and society work economies and supranational organizations, Director, Deloitte Global Public Policy
together to make a positive impact for people, davgruner@deloitte.com
including the:
the planet, and prosperity.
Kyra Kaszynski
• Group of 20 (G20), including the Business 20
Director, Deloitte Global Public Policy
(B20);
kkaszynski@deloitte.com
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 91]
Building better futures | 91 Public policy The Deloitte Global Public Policy team Some of our key policy focus areas include: • Organization for Economic Co-operation and participates in policy discussions focused Development (OECD), including Business at • Championing the long-term health and OECD (BIAC); on some of today’s most important sustainability of the planet through reporting socioeconomic issues facing business, of Environmental, Social, and Governance • Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum government, and society, helping to (ESG) information; addressing the complexity (APEC); of a just transition; and mobilizing finance inform the policy debate and bring clarity • International Organization of Employers towards a low-carbon future; to the interconnected challenges facing (IOE); the world. • Underscoring policies and other levers to • German Marshall Fund (GMF); and help enable workplace gender equality; The unique breadth of Deloitte’s businesses, • Social Progress Imperative (SPI). and the perspectives gained by working with • Anticipating the future of regulation in an era clients, through our people and through society, of exponential technological advancement, The Global Public Policy program is informs our policy activities. The Deloitte Global including artificial intelligence; and complemented by a community of Deloitte firm public policy programs. Together with business Public Policy team works collectively with the • Supporting a holistic approach to expanding leaders and other key internal groups, Deloitte Deloitte Global Strategy and Deloitte Global the GDP framework and measuring wealth in Global Public Policy coordinates public policy Innovation teams to inform and amplify a way that considers human, natural, and insights, activities, and engagement, amplifying Deloitte’s broader strategic and business social capital, as well as financial capital, with impact and influence. interests, while demonstrating our unwavering tools capable of validating progress to shape commitment to the public interest. decision-making at all stages of the policy Simon Cleveland The Deloitte Global Public Policy team executes process. Deloitte Global Public Policy leader our policy agenda by engaging meaningfully scleveland@deloitte.co.uk Deloitte people help advance our public policy across the stakeholder ecosystem—advocating agenda by working with key stakeholders within David Gruner that business, government, and society work economies and supranational organizations, Director, Deloitte Global Public Policy together to make a positive impact for people, davgruner@deloitte.com including the: the planet, and prosperity. Kyra Kaszynski • Group of 20 (G20), including the Business 20 Director, Deloitte Global Public Policy (B20); kkaszynski@deloitte.com BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 92
Risk and opportunity management
Deloitte has a robust process for The Deloitte Global CRO reports on Deloitte’s • Risks impacting our strategic success or
identifying, assessing, managing, and priority risks on a regular cadence to the market differentiation; and
Deloitte Global Executive Committee, enabling
monitoring risks and opportunities, both • Risks impacting our people, Purpose, and
discussion of risk exposures and mitigation
at the Deloitte Global level and at the Shared Values.
actions. Priority risks are also regularly reviewed
member firm level through their
by the Risk and Ethics Committee of the Deloitte It is recognized that risks do not operate in
respective Enterprise Risk Frameworks Global Board of Directors. discrete categories and they may have more
(ERFs). than one impact. However, for the purposes of
Priority risks and opportunities the categorization, the focus is on the potential
The Deloitte Global ERF sets out the Deloitte
primary impact. Each of Deloitte’s enterprise
Global Executive Committee's assessment of the The enterprise risks and opportunities listed are
risks and opportunities have been linked to one
priority risks and emerging risks facing those that, as of May 2023, are considered to
or more ESG categories included in Deloitte’s
Deloitte—specifically, those that could impact have the most potential for significant impact on
materiality matrix.
the ability of Deloitte to achieve its strategic Deloitte’s ability to achieve its strategic priorities,
priorities, meet its public interest obligations, meet its public interest obligations, and protect
and protect its reputation and people. The its reputation and people, should the risk
member firm ERFs are managed in coordination materialize.
with the Deloitte Global ERF.
These risks and opportunities have been
There is ongoing and frequent dialogue considered based on the potential primary
between the Deloitte Global ERF team, which impact, including where the impact is a loss of
facilitates the preparation of the Deloitte Global opportunity. The risks and opportunities have
ERF, the Deloitte Global Risk owners, and other been categorized into the following impact
Deloitte Global teams to help ensure early dimensions:
identification and escalation of any matters
• Risks impacting our brand, reputation,
requiring consideration by the risk owner or the
and/or public interest obligations;
Deloitte Global Chief Risk Officer (CRO).
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 92]
Building better futures | 92 Risk and opportunity management Deloitte has a robust process for The Deloitte Global CRO reports on Deloitte’s • Risks impacting our strategic success or identifying, assessing, managing, and priority risks on a regular cadence to the market differentiation; and Deloitte Global Executive Committee, enabling monitoring risks and opportunities, both • Risks impacting our people, Purpose, and discussion of risk exposures and mitigation at the Deloitte Global level and at the Shared Values. actions. Priority risks are also regularly reviewed member firm level through their by the Risk and Ethics Committee of the Deloitte It is recognized that risks do not operate in respective Enterprise Risk Frameworks Global Board of Directors. discrete categories and they may have more (ERFs). than one impact. However, for the purposes of Priority risks and opportunities the categorization, the focus is on the potential The Deloitte Global ERF sets out the Deloitte primary impact. Each of Deloitte’s enterprise Global Executive Committee's assessment of the The enterprise risks and opportunities listed are risks and opportunities have been linked to one priority risks and emerging risks facing those that, as of May 2023, are considered to or more ESG categories included in Deloitte’s Deloitte—specifically, those that could impact have the most potential for significant impact on materiality matrix. the ability of Deloitte to achieve its strategic Deloitte’s ability to achieve its strategic priorities, priorities, meet its public interest obligations, meet its public interest obligations, and protect and protect its reputation and people. The its reputation and people, should the risk member firm ERFs are managed in coordination materialize. with the Deloitte Global ERF. These risks and opportunities have been There is ongoing and frequent dialogue considered based on the potential primary between the Deloitte Global ERF team, which impact, including where the impact is a loss of facilitates the preparation of the Deloitte Global opportunity. The risks and opportunities have ERF, the Deloitte Global Risk owners, and other been categorized into the following impact Deloitte Global teams to help ensure early dimensions: identification and escalation of any matters • Risks impacting our brand, reputation, requiring consideration by the risk owner or the and/or public interest obligations; Deloitte Global Chief Risk Officer (CRO). BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 93
Priority risk and Risk/Opportunity description Trend The way forward
opportunity name
On Deloitte’s journey of continuous
Risk impacting our brand, reputation, and/or public interest obligations
improvement, we are considering ways in which
Audit quality and risk we can enhance reporting going forward,
Loss of public trust due to significant failure to execute high-quality audits across the organization Stable
management
including through providing additional
Unethical behavior not aligned with professional standards, regulations, and/or Deloitte disclosures regarding our response to key risks
Conduct Stable
policies/Global Principles of Business Conduct and opportunities.
Inability to protect and defend Deloitte technology assets and the data they hold from cyber
Cybersecurity Stable
threats Bob Graham
Deloitte Global Chief Risk Officer
Data confidentiality and
privacy Unauthorized access to or loss of client, personal, and/or Deloitte data Stable rgraham@deloitte.com
Inability to anticipate and rapidly adapt to regulatory and public policy developments and to
Regulatory proactively engage with the relevant stakeholders in order to meet Deloitte professional Increasing
obligations and evolving public interest expectations
Risk critical to strategic success or market differentiation
Advisory quality and risk Inability to sustain the delivery of high-quality advisory services, including new services, assets, and
Stable
management client delivery models
Inability to proactively respond to impacts of climate change that affect Deloitte people, facilities,
Climate change Stable
or clients
Shifts in the macroeconomic conditions, such as inflationary pressures and ongoing supply chain
Economic uncertainty Stable
disruptions, impacting Deloitte’s business environment
Political and economic decoupling that undermines globalization and impairs Deloitte’s ability to
Geopolitical uncertainty Increasing
execute its global strategy
Innovation (including Insufficient investment in and deployment of software-enabled solutions to adequately address
Increasing
artificial intelligence) shifting market trends
Limitations on Deloitte’s ability to source specialists that support audit quality, attract and retain
Multidisciplinary model Stable
top talent, optimize investment, and be the scale and growth leader in all Deloitte businesses
Risk critical to our people,Purpose and Shared Values
Talent Inability to attract, develop, and retain high-performing, diverse professionals and leaders Stable
Inability to live up to Deloitte’s Purpose and Shared Values, meet societal expectations and
Purpose Increasing
responsible business decision-making choices, or be perceived as not doing so by its stakeholders
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 93]
Building better futures | 93 Priority risk and Risk/Opportunity description Trend The way forward opportunity name On Deloitte’s journey of continuous Risk impacting our brand, reputation, and/or public interest obligations improvement, we are considering ways in which Audit quality and risk we can enhance reporting going forward, Loss of public trust due to significant failure to execute high-quality audits across the organization Stable management including through providing additional Unethical behavior not aligned with professional standards, regulations, and/or Deloitte disclosures regarding our response to key risks Conduct Stable policies/Global Principles of Business Conduct and opportunities. Inability to protect and defend Deloitte technology assets and the data they hold from cyber Cybersecurity Stable threats Bob Graham Deloitte Global Chief Risk Officer Data confidentiality and privacy Unauthorized access to or loss of client, personal, and/or Deloitte data Stable rgraham@deloitte.com Inability to anticipate and rapidly adapt to regulatory and public policy developments and to Regulatory proactively engage with the relevant stakeholders in order to meet Deloitte professional Increasing obligations and evolving public interest expectations Risk critical to strategic success or market differentiation Advisory quality and risk Inability to sustain the delivery of high-quality advisory services, including new services, assets, and Stable management client delivery models Inability to proactively respond to impacts of climate change that affect Deloitte people, facilities, Climate change Stable or clients Shifts in the macroeconomic conditions, such as inflationary pressures and ongoing supply chain Economic uncertainty Stable disruptions, impacting Deloitte’s business environment Political and economic decoupling that undermines globalization and impairs Deloitte’s ability to Geopolitical uncertainty Increasing execute its global strategy Innovation (including Insufficient investment in and deployment of software-enabled solutions to adequately address Increasing artificial intelligence) shifting market trends Limitations on Deloitte’s ability to source specialists that support audit quality, attract and retain Multidisciplinary model Stable top talent, optimize investment, and be the scale and growth leader in all Deloitte businesses Risk critical to our people,Purpose and Shared Values Talent Inability to attract, develop, and retain high-performing, diverse professionals and leaders Stable Inability to live up to Deloitte’s Purpose and Shared Values, meet societal expectations and Purpose Increasing responsible business decision-making choices, or be perceived as not doing so by its stakeholders BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 94
Stakeholder engagement and materiality
Reporting is fundamental to Deloitte’s Identifying material topics interviews, desktop research, and the use of
business. From the assurance services proprietary social listening tools. The
Deloitte’s approach to identify material topics is
significance of the actual and potential impacts
that Deloitte practitioners provide to embedded in the way we do business.
identified through this process is further
clients to the research and insights our Continuous engagement with our key internal
assessed to better understand and rank these
organization publishes across industries and external stakeholders helps inform our
impacts according to their magnitude, severity,
understanding of who Deloitte impacts through
and regions, the importance of reporting
and likelihood. The preliminary list of material
our day-to-day operations, along with analysis of
is deeply ingrained in our organization. topics identified through this engagement is
our industry and activities. Processes to engage
refined, scored, and systematically evaluated to
Our purpose is to make an impact that matters. with stakeholders exist at multiple levels within
arrive at the “significant,” “more significant,” and
We recognize the need to be transparent about Deloitte. They enable us to discuss Deloitte’s
“fundamental” topics for Deloitte to prioritize in
our impact—not just the ways in which we affect impacts on the economy, the environment,
our strategy and reporting.
Deloitte clients through the services provided, people, and human rights with those who have
but also the ways in which we impact the insights on such impacts. These ongoing The formal materiality assessment process was
economy, the environment, our people, and interactions influence our reporting and shaping last undertaken during FY2022. In FY2023, we
human rights more broadly across our activities of material topics. Internal stakeholders include assessed the impacts through regular
and business relationships. Deloitte leadership and Deloitte people. engagement, consultation, research, and
Examples of external stakeholders include analysis. Our ongoing identification and analysis
The Deloitte Global Impact Report is the primary
suppliers, clients, regulators, industry has led us to conclude that the material topics
way we communicate our impacts and actions.
associations, academia, and non-governmental and impacts listed remain unchanged for
By reviewing and understanding topics material
organizations. FY2023. However, the relative significance of the
to Deloitte, our stakeholders are provided with
impacts has shifted in some cases. For example,
the data and insights that are material1to them. On a periodic basis, Deloitte also follows a
nature and biodiversity has been reclassified as
These topics also serve as critical guideposts in formal process to review and revise our list of
a more significant topic for Deloitte in FY2023.
setting our strategy around Environmental, material topics and impacts. The process
Social, and Governance (ESG) matters. We includes obtaining stakeholder insights about
prepare the reporting of our organization’s actual and potential, positive and negative
most significant impacts in accordance with the impacts on the economy, the environment,
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. people, and human rights through direct
1Deloitte uses the GRI Standard “GRI 3 Material Topics 2021” in defining what is material or a material topic.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 94]
Building better futures | 94 Stakeholder engagement and materiality Reporting is fundamental to Deloitte’s Identifying material topics interviews, desktop research, and the use of business. From the assurance services proprietary social listening tools. The Deloitte’s approach to identify material topics is significance of the actual and potential impacts that Deloitte practitioners provide to embedded in the way we do business. identified through this process is further clients to the research and insights our Continuous engagement with our key internal assessed to better understand and rank these organization publishes across industries and external stakeholders helps inform our impacts according to their magnitude, severity, understanding of who Deloitte impacts through and regions, the importance of reporting and likelihood. The preliminary list of material our day-to-day operations, along with analysis of is deeply ingrained in our organization. topics identified through this engagement is our industry and activities. Processes to engage refined, scored, and systematically evaluated to Our purpose is to make an impact that matters. with stakeholders exist at multiple levels within arrive at the “significant,” “more significant,” and We recognize the need to be transparent about Deloitte. They enable us to discuss Deloitte’s “fundamental” topics for Deloitte to prioritize in our impact—not just the ways in which we affect impacts on the economy, the environment, our strategy and reporting. Deloitte clients through the services provided, people, and human rights with those who have but also the ways in which we impact the insights on such impacts. These ongoing The formal materiality assessment process was economy, the environment, our people, and interactions influence our reporting and shaping last undertaken during FY2022. In FY2023, we human rights more broadly across our activities of material topics. Internal stakeholders include assessed the impacts through regular and business relationships. Deloitte leadership and Deloitte people. engagement, consultation, research, and Examples of external stakeholders include analysis. Our ongoing identification and analysis The Deloitte Global Impact Report is the primary suppliers, clients, regulators, industry has led us to conclude that the material topics way we communicate our impacts and actions. associations, academia, and non-governmental and impacts listed remain unchanged for By reviewing and understanding topics material organizations. FY2023. However, the relative significance of the to Deloitte, our stakeholders are provided with impacts has shifted in some cases. For example, the data and insights that are material1to them. On a periodic basis, Deloitte also follows a nature and biodiversity has been reclassified as These topics also serve as critical guideposts in formal process to review and revise our list of a more significant topic for Deloitte in FY2023. setting our strategy around Environmental, material topics and impacts. The process Social, and Governance (ESG) matters. We includes obtaining stakeholder insights about prepare the reporting of our organization’s actual and potential, positive and negative most significant impacts in accordance with the impacts on the economy, the environment, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. people, and human rights through direct 1Deloitte uses the GRI Standard “GRI 3 Material Topics 2021” in defining what is material or a material topic. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 95
Management of material topics and When considering the actual and potential risks Deloitte’s impact extends beyond our direct
impacts and opportunities of material topics identified operations, and includes impacts that could
throughout the assessment process, Deloitte arise from engaging with clients and suppliers
During FY2023, reporting of ESG matters was
recognizes its positive and negative impacts on that may not fully align with our Purpose and
overseen by the WorldImpactCouncil (WIC), cothe economy, the environment, people, and Shared Values. Deloitte’s negative impacts as a
chaired by the Deloitte Global Deputy CEO and
human rights. Deloitte leadership recognizes result of its activities include greenhouse gas
Chief People and Purpose Officer, together with
the importance of the three ESG pillars and has emissions contributing to climate change, as
the Chair of the Deloitte Global Board of
supported an increase in ESG-related services well as the creation of electronic waste. Deloitte
Directors. WIC membership was drawn from the
provided to clients, ESG programs such as acknowledges these negative impacts and is
Deloitte Global Board, the Deloitte Global
WorldClimateand WorldClass, and tools and actively working to mitigate them through
Executive Committee, and other senior Deloitte
trainings for our people, with an emphasis on internal and external programs, as discussed
leaders, including Deloitte member firm
diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI). throughout the 2023 Global Impact Report.
Purpose leaders. Several junior Deloitte
professionals, drawn from participants in the
One Young World program, were also members
of the WIC.
The results of the FY2022 formal materiality
assessment, including the prioritized list of
material topics, were presented to, and
approved by, the WIC and were embedded in
Deloitte’s management of ESG matters. The
prioritized list of topics does not specifically list
human rights as a material impact because
human rights considerations are included in
many other topics. For example, sustainable
and responsible supply chain includes Deloitte’s
impacts on human rights in supply chain, while
the diversity, equity, and inclusion topic
addresses equality and non-discriminatory
treatment as human rights. Please see our
Human Rights Statement for the list of human
rights Deloitte is committed to advancing.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 95]
Building better futures | 95 Management of material topics and When considering the actual and potential risks Deloitte’s impact extends beyond our direct impacts and opportunities of material topics identified operations, and includes impacts that could throughout the assessment process, Deloitte arise from engaging with clients and suppliers During FY2023, reporting of ESG matters was recognizes its positive and negative impacts on that may not fully align with our Purpose and overseen by the WorldImpactCouncil (WIC), co- the economy, the environment, people, and Shared Values. Deloitte’s negative impacts as a chaired by the Deloitte Global Deputy CEO and human rights. Deloitte leadership recognizes result of its activities include greenhouse gas Chief People and Purpose Officer, together with the importance of the three ESG pillars and has emissions contributing to climate change, as the Chair of the Deloitte Global Board of supported an increase in ESG-related services well as the creation of electronic waste. Deloitte Directors. WIC membership was drawn from the provided to clients, ESG programs such as acknowledges these negative impacts and is Deloitte Global Board, the Deloitte Global WorldClimateand WorldClass, and tools and actively working to mitigate them through Executive Committee, and other senior Deloitte trainings for our people, with an emphasis on internal and external programs, as discussed leaders, including Deloitte member firm diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI). throughout the 2023 Global Impact Report. Purpose leaders. Several junior Deloitte professionals, drawn from participants in the One Young World program, were also members of the WIC. The results of the FY2022 formal materiality assessment, including the prioritized list of material topics, were presented to, and approved by, the WIC and were embedded in Deloitte’s management of ESG matters. The prioritized list of topics does not specifically list human rights as a material impact because human rights considerations are included in many other topics. For example, sustainable and responsible supply chain includes Deloitte’s impacts on human rights in supply chain, while the diversity, equity, and inclusion topic addresses equality and non-discriminatory treatment as human rights. Please see our Human Rights Statement for the list of human rights Deloitte is committed to advancing. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 96
Definitionsof materialtopics More significant: • Health and well-being: Supporting peoples’
well-being by providing programs, resources,
• Climate change: The impacts of greenhouse
Fundamental: and incentives that enable informed
gas emissions generated through operations
decisions and health; includes creating a
• Board and corporate governance: and supply chain activities. From a
culture that promotes satisfaction and a safe,
Responsibility of the board of directors and governance perspective, this topic includes
secure work environment for all, especially in
management to strategize and respond to management of climate risk, along with
light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the shift
ESG issues. Includes board structure and strategies employed to identify and act on
to hybrid work.
diversity, board nomination process, physical and transition risks presented by
frequency of board membership changes, climate change. This encompasses • Impact of client services: Services provided
and skills, experiences, and backgrounds of collaborating with clients, alliance by Deloitte to clients have broader impacts
board members. relationships, and suppliers with the goal of on the economy, environment, and people.
reducing carbon and ecosystem footprints. This topic focuses on the alignment of
• Economic performance: Generation of
stakeholders’ expectations and Deloitte's
revenue and the maintenance of profitability, • Data privacy and cybersecurity: Maintaining
environmental and social strategies with
business continuity, and market presence. the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of
services delivered to clients.
the data and information of Deloitte clients
• Ethics and integrity: Commitment to the
and individuals through safe and secure data • Societal impact: Deloitte’s impact on issues in
highest standards of ethics and business
collection practices, strong data protection society, including education and skills
conduct, placing an emphasis on
policies and procedures, and measures opportunities, response to humanitarian
professional integrity and compliance,
designed to protect Deloitte’s computers, crises and natural disasters, health equity
defined codes of conduct and policies, risk
technology, and systems against and pandemic response, and gender
assessment, transparency, and compliance.
unauthorized access and maintain equality; includes how Deloitte collaborates
This topic includes reporting mechanisms,
information integrity and availability. with local and international nonprofit
anti-corruption measures, and antiorganizations, provides volunteering and pro
retaliation policies. • Diversity, equity, and inclusion: Creating a
bono services, and makes donations of cash
respectful and inclusive culture for people
and in-kind goods.
and communities by focusing on diversity in
the workforce, increasing gender
representation, furthering pay equity,
advancing LGBT+ inclusion, and supporting
mental health.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 96]
Building better futures | 96 Definitionsof materialtopics More significant: • Health and well-being: Supporting peoples’ well-being by providing programs, resources, • Climate change: The impacts of greenhouse Fundamental: and incentives that enable informed gas emissions generated through operations decisions and health; includes creating a • Board and corporate governance: and supply chain activities. From a culture that promotes satisfaction and a safe, Responsibility of the board of directors and governance perspective, this topic includes secure work environment for all, especially in management to strategize and respond to management of climate risk, along with light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the shift ESG issues. Includes board structure and strategies employed to identify and act on to hybrid work. diversity, board nomination process, physical and transition risks presented by frequency of board membership changes, climate change. This encompasses • Impact of client services: Services provided and skills, experiences, and backgrounds of collaborating with clients, alliance by Deloitte to clients have broader impacts board members. relationships, and suppliers with the goal of on the economy, environment, and people. reducing carbon and ecosystem footprints. This topic focuses on the alignment of • Economic performance: Generation of stakeholders’ expectations and Deloitte's revenue and the maintenance of profitability, • Data privacy and cybersecurity: Maintaining environmental and social strategies with business continuity, and market presence. the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of services delivered to clients. the data and information of Deloitte clients • Ethics and integrity: Commitment to the and individuals through safe and secure data • Societal impact: Deloitte’s impact on issues in highest standards of ethics and business collection practices, strong data protection society, including education and skills conduct, placing an emphasis on policies and procedures, and measures opportunities, response to humanitarian professional integrity and compliance, designed to protect Deloitte’s computers, crises and natural disasters, health equity defined codes of conduct and policies, risk technology, and systems against and pandemic response, and gender assessment, transparency, and compliance. unauthorized access and maintain equality; includes how Deloitte collaborates This topic includes reporting mechanisms, information integrity and availability. with local and international nonprofit anti-corruption measures, and anti- organizations, provides volunteering and pro retaliation policies. • Diversity, equity, and inclusion: Creating a bono services, and makes donations of cash respectful and inclusive culture for people and in-kind goods. and communities by focusing on diversity in the workforce, increasing gender representation, furthering pay equity, advancing LGBT+ inclusion, and supporting mental health. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 97
• Talent experience: Considers the many • Sustainable operations: The environmental
aspects of the talent experience including impacts associated with operations including
work-life balance, compensation, benefits energy consumption, resource consumption
and recognition, role satisfaction, career (paper, plastics, recycled materials), water
opportunity, working conditions, use, and waste management.
advancement, and learning and
development; considers how purpose-driven Anna Nefedova
individuals can expect to make an impact Deloitte Global ESG Reporting leader
aanefedova@deloitte.ch
while working at Deloitte.
• Nature and biodiversity: The impacts on
natural capital, such as deforestation and
biodiversity loss and ecosystem destruction.
Significant:
• Public policy engagement: Regulatory and
public policy engagement, development of
public policy positions, political contributions,
and lobbying.
• Sustainable and responsible supply chain:
Supply chain impacts related to
environmental and social aspects of
suppliers’ performance. Human right impacts
include but are not limited to child labor,
workplace rights, modern slavery, rights of
indigenous people, conflict minerals, and
equal access to health and opportunity.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 97]
Building better futures | 97 • Talent experience: Considers the many • Sustainable operations: The environmental aspects of the talent experience including impacts associated with operations including work-life balance, compensation, benefits energy consumption, resource consumption and recognition, role satisfaction, career (paper, plastics, recycled materials), water opportunity, working conditions, use, and waste management. advancement, and learning and development; considers how purpose-driven Anna Nefedova individuals can expect to make an impact Deloitte Global ESG Reporting leader aanefedova@deloitte.ch while working at Deloitte. • Nature and biodiversity: The impacts on natural capital, such as deforestation and biodiversity loss and ecosystem destruction. Significant: • Public policy engagement: Regulatory and public policy engagement, development of public policy positions, political contributions, and lobbying. • Sustainable and responsible supply chain: Supply chain impacts related to environmental and social aspects of suppliers’ performance. Human right impacts include but are not limited to child labor, workplace rights, modern slavery, rights of indigenous people, conflict minerals, and equal access to health and opportunity. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 98
FY2023 ESG highlights
Environmental Societal impact Governance
Our people
Notes 3 Training hours do not include on-the-job digital learning hours that are a core aspect of development at Deloitte. Average direct
Monetary values are presented in US$ and used as the basis for revenue growth and innovation investment percentages, unless training investments per individual represent data collection from all Deloitte firms. Indirect training cost is the opportunitycost
otherwise specified. based on estimates from reporting Deloitte firms.
1 Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely 4 Based on annual survey of Deloitte firms.
capture gender identity information across our network. The Talent data provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity 5Board of Directors and Executive Committee membership is presented as of 1 June 2023 to reflect composition as of the date of
data based on information available at this time. In some cases where gender data is not available, the data may not sum to report publication, thus does not align with composition during the fiscal year which ended on 31 May 2023. If presented as of
100%. the end of FY2023 on 31 May 2023, figures would be: percent of women members on Deloitte Global’s Board of Directors: 38%;
2Partners, principals, and managing directors refer to Deloitte firm partners, principals, and US managing directors. percent of women members on Deloitte Global’s Executive Committee: 23%.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 98]
Building better futures | 98 FY2023 ESG highlights Environmental Societal impact Governance Our people Notes 3 Training hours do not include on-the-job digital learning hours that are a core aspect of development at Deloitte. Average direct Monetary values are presented in US$ and used as the basis for revenue growth and innovation investment percentages, unless training investments per individual represent data collection from all Deloitte firms. Indirect training cost is the opportunitycost otherwise specified. based on estimates from reporting Deloitte firms. 1 Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely 4 Based on annual survey of Deloitte firms. capture gender identity information across our network. The Talent data provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity 5Board of Directors and Executive Committee membership is presented as of 1 June 2023 to reflect composition as of the date of data based on information available at this time. In some cases where gender data is not available, the data may not sum to report publication, thus does not align with composition during the fiscal year which ended on 31 May 2023. If presented as of 100%. the end of FY2023 on 31 May 2023, figures would be: percent of women members on Deloitte Global’s Board of Directors: 38%; 2Partners, principals, and managing directors refer to Deloitte firm partners, principals, and US managing directors. percent of women members on Deloitte Global’s Executive Committee: 23%. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 99
FY2023 Performance metrics
Business
Business FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 Note: Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte
Revenue US$ billion organization except where otherwise noted. Due to
rounding, sum of sections may not equal total.
Total revenue 64.9 59.3 50.2
Revenue by business A detailed description of this report’s boundaries and
the performance measurement methods used is
Audit & Assurance 12.3 11.4 10.5
available in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Basis of
Consulting 29.6 25.8 20.8
Reporting section.
Financial Advisory 5.1 5.3 4.3
Risk Advisory 7.8 7.0 5.9 1“Legal” means the legal practices of member firms or their related
Tax & Legal 1 10.3 9.9 8.9 entities that provide legal services. For legal and regulatory reasons,
not all member firms provide legal services.
By region
2Based on annual survey of Deloitte firms.
Americas 35.9 30.7 25.2
Europe/Middle East/Africa 19.1 18.8 16.7
Asia Pacific 10.0 10.0 8.5
By industry
Consumer 12.6 11.9 10.4
Energy, Resources & Industrials 9.5 8.6 7.5
Financial Services 17.8 16.1 13.3
Government & Public Services 11.1 10.0 8.4
Life Sciences & Health Care 5.8 5.3 4.7
Technology, Media & Telecom 8.0 7.5 6.0
Revenue growth Percentage growth in US dollars/local currency
Revenue growth 9.3%/14.9% 18.1%/19.6% 5.5%/2.7%
Innovation investment Percentage of aggregate Deloitte firm revenue
Innovation investment 2 4.1% 4.3% 3.5%
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 99]
Building better futures | 99 FY2023 Performance metrics Business Business FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 Note: Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte Revenue US$ billion organization except where otherwise noted. Due to rounding, sum of sections may not equal total. Total revenue 64.9 59.3 50.2 Revenue by business A detailed description of this report’s boundaries and the performance measurement methods used is Audit & Assurance 12.3 11.4 10.5 available in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Basis of Consulting 29.6 25.8 20.8 Reporting section. Financial Advisory 5.1 5.3 4.3 Risk Advisory 7.8 7.0 5.9 1“Legal” means the legal practices of member firms or their related Tax & Legal 1 10.3 9.9 8.9 entities that provide legal services. For legal and regulatory reasons, not all member firms provide legal services. By region 2Based on annual survey of Deloitte firms. Americas 35.9 30.7 25.2 Europe/Middle East/Africa 19.1 18.8 16.7 Asia Pacific 10.0 10.0 8.5 By industry Consumer 12.6 11.9 10.4 Energy, Resources & Industrials 9.5 8.6 7.5 Financial Services 17.8 16.1 13.3 Government & Public Services 11.1 10.0 8.4 Life Sciences & Health Care 5.8 5.3 4.7 Technology, Media & Telecom 8.0 7.5 6.0 Revenue growth Percentage growth in US dollars/local currency Revenue growth 9.3%/14.9% 18.1%/19.6% 5.5%/2.7% Innovation investment Percentage of aggregate Deloitte firm revenue Innovation investment 2 4.1% 4.3% 3.5% BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 99]
Revenue | | US$ billion |
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 99]
Revenue growth | Percentage growth in US dollars/local currency
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 99]
Innovation investment | Percentage of aggregate Deloitte firm revenue
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 100
FY2023 Performance metrics
Environment
Progress toward goals - WorldClimate Note: Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte
Goal description Goal Year Goal FY2023 Progress organization except where otherwise noted. Due to
Percent renewable electricity 1 2030 100% 94% rounding, sum of sections may not equal total.
Percent electric vehicles 2030 100% 39% A detailed description of the contents of this report and
the methods used in calculating data values in this
Reduction of Scope 1&2 emissions from FY2019 levels 2030 70% 79%
section can be found in the Deloitte Global FY2023
Reduction of Scope 3 emissions from business travel per FTE from FY2019 levels 2030 50% 58%
Basis of Reporting.
Percent of suppliers with science-based targets (by emissions) 2025 67% 20%
Selected environmental data, indicated in this table with
Environmental sustainability FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2019 (Base Year) the symbol, has been subject to independent
limited assurance in accordance with ISAE 3410.
GHG emissions by scope and source Metric tonnes CO2e
Further details are available within the Environmental
Scope 1 GHG emissions by source
Performance Data Limited Assurance Report FY2023.
Fuel combustion in buildings 10,541 10,285 8,668 18,174
Vehicle fleet (internal combustion engine) 2 26,417 32,418 24,009 43,727 1 Where possible, Deloitte firms procure and claim renewable energy in
accordance with the Climate Group’s RE100 Technical Criteria and Global
Total Scope 1 emissions ± 36,959 42,703 32,677 61,901
Reporting Initiative (GRI) topic standard GRI 302: Energy 2016. In certain markets
Scope 2 GHG emissions by source where procuring renewable electricity is challenging or is not possible, Deloitte
firms may procure renewable electricity from a neighboring country. This allows
Purchased electricity -buildings and fleet (market-based)3 11,969 15,507 25,738 201,771 Deloitte to demonstrate commitment to our renewable electricity target and
District heating and cooling 6,989 6,454 4,270 n/a 4 signal market demand. As this approach meets only one out of three market
boundary conditions included in the RE100 Technical Criteria, there may be
Total Scope 2 emissions ± 18,958 21,961 30,009 201,771 variances between renewable electricity amounts reported in the Global Impact
Report and within RE100 reports. Deloitte anticipates increasing the alignment
Scope 3 GHG emissions by source with RE100 Technical Criteria over time as market availability of renewable energy
Business travel: air travel (tank-to-wake emissions) 5,6 307,044 93,605 17,731 494,824 increases.
2In FY2023, Deloitte updated its Fleet Reporting Policy to further clarify which
Business travel: other sources 137,512 82,464 43,136 259,309
leased vehicles are considered to be under Deloitte’s operational control. The
Total business travel emissions 444,556 176,069 60,866 754,133 change in policy resulted in emissions associated with certain lease schemes
previously included in Scope 1 in FY2022 to be accounted under Scope 3 in
Purchased goods & services (PG&S) 7 1,107,612 678,417 371,071 495,387 FY2023, and in personal usage from such leases to be removed from Deloitte
Total Scope 3 emissions 8 ± 1,552,169 854,486 431,937 1,249,520 inventory due to the lack of operational control resulting in a decrease in the
gross GHG emissions. This methodology change is possible due to improvements
GHG emissions totals in data granularity, and therefore cannot be applied retrospectively.
Gross GHG emissions ± 1,608,085 919,150 494,623 1,513,192 3In accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) disclosure 305-2,
Deloitte publishes purchased electricity emissions using both a location-and
Beyond value chain mitigation: carbon credit purchases 9 859,083 762,369 440,933 494,824 market-based methodology. The location-based method involves using an
Percentage of gross GHG emissions addressed through carbon credit average national, regional or subnational emission factor that relates to the local
purchases 53% 83% 89% 33% grid from which electricity is drawn, whereas the market-based method involves
deriving emissions factors from contractual instruments, allowing for a zero
emission factor to be applied to portions of electricity consumption that is
matched to a renewable energy source, resulting in lower emissions compared to
the location-based method. Deloitte's near-term science-based targets use a
market-based methodology for purchased electricity, hence this figure is shown
in the primary emissions inventory whereas the location-based figure is shown in
a separate schedule for comparative purposes. Additional details on location-and
market-based electricity emissions are provided in the Deloitte Global FY2023
Basis of Reporting.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 100]
Building better futures | 100 FY2023 Performance metrics Environment Progress toward goals - WorldClimate Note: Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte Goal description Goal Year Goal FY2023 Progress organization except where otherwise noted. Due to Percent renewable electricity 1 2030 100% 94% rounding, sum of sections may not equal total. Percent electric vehicles 2030 100% 39% A detailed description of the contents of this report and the methods used in calculating data values in this Reduction of Scope 1&2 emissions from FY2019 levels 2030 70% 79% section can be found in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Reduction of Scope 3 emissions from business travel per FTE from FY2019 levels 2030 50% 58% Basis of Reporting. Percent of suppliers with science-based targets (by emissions) 2025 67% 20% Selected environmental data, indicated in this table with Environmental sustainability FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2019 (Base Year) the symbol, has been subject to independent limited assurance in accordance with ISAE 3410. GHG emissions by scope and source Metric tonnes CO2e Further details are available within the Environmental Scope 1 GHG emissions by source Performance Data Limited Assurance Report FY2023. Fuel combustion in buildings 10,541 10,285 8,668 18,174 Vehicle fleet (internal combustion engine) 2 26,417 32,418 24,009 43,727 1 Where possible, Deloitte firms procure and claim renewable energy in accordance with the Climate Group’s RE100 Technical Criteria and Global Total Scope 1 emissions ± 36,959 42,703 32,677 61,901 Reporting Initiative (GRI) topic standard GRI 302: Energy 2016. In certain markets Scope 2 GHG emissions by source where procuring renewable electricity is challenging or is not possible, Deloitte firms may procure renewable electricity from a neighboring country. This allows Purchased electricity -buildings and fleet (market-based)3 11,969 15,507 25,738 201,771 Deloitte to demonstrate commitment to our renewable electricity target and District heating and cooling 6,989 6,454 4,270 n/a 4 signal market demand. As this approach meets only one out of three market boundary conditions included in the RE100 Technical Criteria, there may be Total Scope 2 emissions ± 18,958 21,961 30,009 201,771 variances between renewable electricity amounts reported in the Global Impact Report and within RE100 reports. Deloitte anticipates increasing the alignment Scope 3 GHG emissions by source with RE100 Technical Criteria over time as market availability of renewable energy Business travel: air travel (tank-to-wake emissions) 5,6 307,044 93,605 17,731 494,824 increases. 2In FY2023, Deloitte updated its Fleet Reporting Policy to further clarify which Business travel: other sources 137,512 82,464 43,136 259,309 leased vehicles are considered to be under Deloitte’s operational control. The Total business travel emissions 444,556 176,069 60,866 754,133 change in policy resulted in emissions associated with certain lease schemes previously included in Scope 1 in FY2022 to be accounted under Scope 3 in Purchased goods & services (PG&S) 7 1,107,612 678,417 371,071 495,387 FY2023, and in personal usage from such leases to be removed from Deloitte Total Scope 3 emissions 8 ± 1,552,169 854,486 431,937 1,249,520 inventory due to the lack of operational control resulting in a decrease in the gross GHG emissions. This methodology change is possible due to improvements GHG emissions totals in data granularity, and therefore cannot be applied retrospectively. Gross GHG emissions ± 1,608,085 919,150 494,623 1,513,192 3In accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) disclosure 305-2, Deloitte publishes purchased electricity emissions using both a location-and Beyond value chain mitigation: carbon credit purchases 9 859,083 762,369 440,933 494,824 market-based methodology. The location-based method involves using an Percentage of gross GHG emissions addressed through carbon credit average national, regional or subnational emission factor that relates to the local purchases 53% 83% 89% 33% grid from which electricity is drawn, whereas the market-based method involves deriving emissions factors from contractual instruments, allowing for a zero emission factor to be applied to portions of electricity consumption that is matched to a renewable energy source, resulting in lower emissions compared to the location-based method. Deloitte's near-term science-based targets use a market-based methodology for purchased electricity, hence this figure is shown in the primary emissions inventory whereas the location-based figure is shown in a separate schedule for comparative purposes. Additional details on location-and market-based electricity emissions are provided in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Basis of Reporting. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 100]
Goal description | Goal Year | Goal | FY2023 Progress
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 100]
GHG emissions by scope and source | Metric tonnes CO2e
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 100]
Total Scope 1 emissions | ± 36,959 | 42,703 | 32,677 | 61,901
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 100]
Total Scope 2 emissions | ± 18,958 | 21,961 | 30,009 | 201,771
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 100]
Total Scope 3 emissions 8 | ± 1,552,169 | 854,486 | 431,937 | 1,249,520
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 100]
Gross GHG emissions | ± 1,608,085 | 919,150 | 494,623 | 1,513,192
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 101
Environmental sustainability FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2019 (Base Year) 4Performance tracking for this indicator is reported for the most recent year(s)
only.
GHG intensity measures 5Tank-to-wake air travel emissions inclusive of radiative forcing would be 580,776
GHG emissions per individual Metric tonnes CO2e / FTE metric tonnesCO2e in FY2023; 177,054 metrictonnesCO2e in FY2022; 33,537
metric tonnessCO2e in FY2021; and 935,937 metric tonnesCO2e in FY2019.
Business travel emissions 1.0 0.5 0.2 2.5 6 Deloitte used a distance-based methodology to calculate jet fuel emissions
consistent with the World Economic Forum Clean Skies For Tomorrow's proposed
Operational and business travel emissions 1.2 0.6 0.4 3.3
Sustainable Aviation Fuel certificate (SAFc) emissions accounting and reporting
Gross GHG emissions 3.7 2.5 1.5 4.9 guidelines. Emissions factors for the applicable classes of service were sourced
from the UK's Dept. for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) (Defra) -
GHG emissions per dollar of revenue Kg CO2e/$000 USD 2022. This methodology is used for both well-to-tank and tank-to-wake emissions.
Operational and business travel emissions 7.7 4.1 2.5 22.0 7 Because activity data is not readily available, Scope 3 PG&S emissions are
calculated using data collected from select suppliers, combined with broad
Gross GHG emissions 24.8 15.5 9.8 32.8 estimations of emissions per amount spent by purchasing category. As such, the
Scope 2 purchased electricity GHG emissions by methodology3 Metric tonnes CO2e uncertainty around these reported emissions is high.
Electricity (market-based) 11,969 15,507 25,738 201,771 In FY2023, Deloitte revised the methodology for calculating real estate emissions
included in reported purchased goods and services (PG&S) emissions to align
Electricity (location-based) 163,723 147,297 137,605 210,997 with updated guidance from the real estate sector. As a result of the updated
guidance, Deloitte has removed upfront embodied carbon real estate emissions
Energy usage Terajoules (TJ) from reported PG&S emissions. For comparability, this change in methodology
Renewable electricity 1 1,340 1,116 979 199 has been retroactively applied to previously reported PG&S amounts, which has
resulted in a recalculation and restatement of PG&S amounts and emissions
Non-renewable electricity 90 110 175 1,393 totals for the base year and all the previous years’ data shown in this report. The
recalculation and restatement have resulted in emissions decreases of 144,250
Natural gas 179 183 159 245 tonnesin FY2022; 126,152 tonnesin FY2021; 117,976 tonnesin FY2020; and
Gasoline 261 289 226 348 104,665 tonnesin FY2019. Reported FY2023 PG&S emissions would be
approximately 160,000 tonneshigher if using the previous methodology.
Diesel fuel 159 210 168 405
Deloitte will continue to review its approach to Scope 3 reporting in the future,
District heating and cooling 126 127 n/a 4 n/a 4 aiming to continually improve the accuracy of its disclosures. When these
enhancements lead to a material change in a reported figure, Deloitte is
Total energy consumed ± 2,155 2,036 1,707 2,590 committed to explaining the nature of the change, its reasoning for its
appropriateness, and the variance compared to previous methodologies.
Additional details on the methodology used to calculate PG&S emissions and
Value chain mitigation Metric tonnes CO2e further details on this restatement are provided in the Deloitte Global FY2023
Basis of Reporting.
Sustainable aviation fuel (SAF)
8 In FY2023, Deloitte updated its Scope 3 emissions category screening to confirm
SAF is a non-conventional (not fossil derived) aviation fuel. SAF is produced from sustainable feedstocks including waste materials, such as used cooking oil, agricultural residues, and municipal known material emissions sources and identify additional emission sources that
solid waste, or potentially from purpose grown crops. might be material to Deloitte. The results of the screening analysis, along with the
qualitative assessment of Scope 3 emission categories, led to the conclusion that
Deloitte supports efforts to develop a robust physical tracking mechanism and associated registry to improve traceability of SAF. Until such mechanism is in place and is recognized by the Scope 3, Category 7 –employee commuting, including working from home
standard setters, Deloitte reports on SAF outside of Scopes 1, 2, and 3. Including Sustainable Aviation Fuel certificate (SAFc) environmental attribute purchases in the Performance Metrics Table emissions, are likely material to Deloitte. Deloitte has developed a methodology
allows us to share with others an example of how SAFccan be included in corporate environmental reporting. to calculate emissions from these sources and will begin gathering data during
Tank-to-wake air travel emissions 5,6 307,044 93,605 17,731 n/a 4 FY2024, and anticipate including Scope 3 Category 7 emissions in future
greenhouse gas reporting.
Well-to-tank air travel emissions 6 63,598 19,389 3,673 n/a 4
9 Reflects purchases of carbon credits that are completed and in progress as of
Full life-cycle assessment (LCA) air travel emissions 370,643 112,994 21,403 n/a 4 the date of publication. In FY2023,Deloitte began transitioning our approach to
Less: Sustainable Aviation Fuel Certificates (SAFc) purchased 10 5,358 4,617 2,638 n/a 4 e in x n p o a v n a d ti v o e u r b e in y v o e n s d tm -c e o n m t p in li a b n e c y e o o n r d c v r a e l d u i e te c d h a in in ve m st i m tig e a n ti t o s n in t o c l a im p a o t r e t f m ol i i t o ig o a f t ion that
LCA air travel emissions with SAF 365,285 108,377 18,765 n/a 4 may not occur without external funding. We are beginning this transition through
the implementation of a voluntary internal carbon price. As Deloitte firms begin
Total business travel emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF 502,797 190,841 61,901 n/a 4 implementing this new financial mechanism, we expect the number of carbon
Total Scope 3 emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF 1,610,409 869,259 432,972 n/a 4 credit purchases and the percentage of gross GHG emissions addressed through
carbon credit purchases may decrease relative to prior years.
Gross GHG emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF 1,666,326 933,922 495,658 n/a 4 10 SAF environmental benefits are transferred through the use of SAF certificates
(SAFc). Similar to a renewable electricity certificate or guarantee of origin in the
production of green electricity, a SAFcrepresents the environmental attributes of
a metric ton of neat (i.e. unblended) SAF. Deloitte's purchase of airline tickets in
jurisdictions where SAF blending mandates are present are not considered to
have a material impact on reported emissions.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 101]
Building better futures | 101 Environmental sustainability FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2019 (Base Year) 4Performance tracking for this indicator is reported for the most recent year(s) only. GHG intensity measures 5Tank-to-wake air travel emissions inclusive of radiative forcing would be 580,776 GHG emissions per individual Metric tonnes CO2e / FTE metric tonnesCO2e in FY2023; 177,054 metrictonnesCO2e in FY2022; 33,537 metric tonnessCO2e in FY2021; and 935,937 metric tonnesCO2e in FY2019. Business travel emissions 1.0 0.5 0.2 2.5 6 Deloitte used a distance-based methodology to calculate jet fuel emissions consistent with the World Economic Forum Clean Skies For Tomorrow's proposed Operational and business travel emissions 1.2 0.6 0.4 3.3 Sustainable Aviation Fuel certificate (SAFc) emissions accounting and reporting Gross GHG emissions 3.7 2.5 1.5 4.9 guidelines. Emissions factors for the applicable classes of service were sourced from the UK's Dept. for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS) (Defra) - GHG emissions per dollar of revenue Kg CO2e/$000 USD 2022. This methodology is used for both well-to-tank and tank-to-wake emissions. Operational and business travel emissions 7.7 4.1 2.5 22.0 7 Because activity data is not readily available, Scope 3 PG&S emissions are calculated using data collected from select suppliers, combined with broad Gross GHG emissions 24.8 15.5 9.8 32.8 estimations of emissions per amount spent by purchasing category. As such, the Scope 2 purchased electricity GHG emissions by methodology3 Metric tonnes CO2e uncertainty around these reported emissions is high. Electricity (market-based) 11,969 15,507 25,738 201,771 In FY2023, Deloitte revised the methodology for calculating real estate emissions included in reported purchased goods and services (PG&S) emissions to align Electricity (location-based) 163,723 147,297 137,605 210,997 with updated guidance from the real estate sector. As a result of the updated guidance, Deloitte has removed upfront embodied carbon real estate emissions Energy usage Terajoules (TJ) from reported PG&S emissions. For comparability, this change in methodology Renewable electricity 1 1,340 1,116 979 199 has been retroactively applied to previously reported PG&S amounts, which has resulted in a recalculation and restatement of PG&S amounts and emissions Non-renewable electricity 90 110 175 1,393 totals for the base year and all the previous years’ data shown in this report. The recalculation and restatement have resulted in emissions decreases of 144,250 Natural gas 179 183 159 245 tonnesin FY2022; 126,152 tonnesin FY2021; 117,976 tonnesin FY2020; and Gasoline 261 289 226 348 104,665 tonnesin FY2019. Reported FY2023 PG&S emissions would be approximately 160,000 tonneshigher if using the previous methodology. Diesel fuel 159 210 168 405 Deloitte will continue to review its approach to Scope 3 reporting in the future, District heating and cooling 126 127 n/a 4 n/a 4 aiming to continually improve the accuracy of its disclosures. When these enhancements lead to a material change in a reported figure, Deloitte is Total energy consumed ± 2,155 2,036 1,707 2,590 committed to explaining the nature of the change, its reasoning for its appropriateness, and the variance compared to previous methodologies. Additional details on the methodology used to calculate PG&S emissions and Value chain mitigation Metric tonnes CO2e further details on this restatement are provided in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Basis of Reporting. Sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) 8 In FY2023, Deloitte updated its Scope 3 emissions category screening to confirm SAF is a non-conventional (not fossil derived) aviation fuel. SAF is produced from sustainable feedstocks including waste materials, such as used cooking oil, agricultural residues, and municipal known material emissions sources and identify additional emission sources that solid waste, or potentially from purpose grown crops. might be material to Deloitte. The results of the screening analysis, along with the qualitative assessment of Scope 3 emission categories, led to the conclusion that Deloitte supports efforts to develop a robust physical tracking mechanism and associated registry to improve traceability of SAF. Until such mechanism is in place and is recognized by the Scope 3, Category 7 –employee commuting, including working from home standard setters, Deloitte reports on SAF outside of Scopes 1, 2, and 3. Including Sustainable Aviation Fuel certificate (SAFc) environmental attribute purchases in the Performance Metrics Table emissions, are likely material to Deloitte. Deloitte has developed a methodology allows us to share with others an example of how SAFccan be included in corporate environmental reporting. to calculate emissions from these sources and will begin gathering data during Tank-to-wake air travel emissions 5,6 307,044 93,605 17,731 n/a 4 FY2024, and anticipate including Scope 3 Category 7 emissions in future greenhouse gas reporting. Well-to-tank air travel emissions 6 63,598 19,389 3,673 n/a 4 9 Reflects purchases of carbon credits that are completed and in progress as of Full life-cycle assessment (LCA) air travel emissions 370,643 112,994 21,403 n/a 4 the date of publication. In FY2023,Deloitte began transitioning our approach to Less: Sustainable Aviation Fuel Certificates (SAFc) purchased 10 5,358 4,617 2,638 n/a 4 e in x n p o a v n a d ti v o e u r b e in y v o e n s d tm -c e o n m t p in li a b n e c y e o o n r d c v r a e l d u i e te c d h a in in ve m st i m tig e a n ti t o s n in t o c l a im p a o t r e t f m ol i i t o ig o a f t ion that LCA air travel emissions with SAF 365,285 108,377 18,765 n/a 4 may not occur without external funding. We are beginning this transition through the implementation of a voluntary internal carbon price. As Deloitte firms begin Total business travel emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF 502,797 190,841 61,901 n/a 4 implementing this new financial mechanism, we expect the number of carbon Total Scope 3 emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF 1,610,409 869,259 432,972 n/a 4 credit purchases and the percentage of gross GHG emissions addressed through carbon credit purchases may decrease relative to prior years. Gross GHG emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF 1,666,326 933,922 495,658 n/a 4 10 SAF environmental benefits are transferred through the use of SAF certificates (SAFc). Similar to a renewable electricity certificate or guarantee of origin in the production of green electricity, a SAFcrepresents the environmental attributes of a metric ton of neat (i.e. unblended) SAF. Deloitte's purchase of airline tickets in jurisdictions where SAF blending mandates are present are not considered to have a material impact on reported emissions. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 101]
GHG intensity measures | | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 101]
Scope 2 purchased electricity GHG emissions by methodology3 | Metric tonnes CO2e
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 101]
Energy usage | Terajoules (TJ)
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 101]
Total energy consumed | ± 2,155 | 2,036 | 1,707 | 2,590
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 101]
Value chain mitigation | Metric tonnes CO2e
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 101]
Full life-cycle assessment (LCA) air travel emissions | 370,643 | 112,994 | 21,403 | n/a 4
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 101]
LCA air travel emissions with SAF | 365,285 | 108,377 | 18,765 | n/a 4
----------------------------------------

[Table 9 — Page 101]
Gross GHG emissions with LCA air travel emissions and SAF | 1,666,326 | 933,922 | 495,658 | n/a 4
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 102
FY2023 Performance metrics
Societal impact
Progress toward goals -Societal impact including WorldClass Note: Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte
Goal description 2030 Goal FY2023 Progress Total progress to date organization except where otherwise noted. Due to
rounding, sum of sections may not equal total.
Individuals impacted through WorldClass 100 million 24 million 57 million
A detailed description of the contents of this report and
the methods used in calculating data values in this
Societal impact FY2023 FY2022 FY2021
section can be found in the Deloitte Global FY2023
Monetary value of societal investments US$ million
Basis of Reporting.
By source - donations
Firm and foundation donations (monetary and in-kind) 123 101 79 1 Pro bono refers to professional service engagements performed at
Donations by Deloitte people (to Deloitte-supported organizations and no cost (pro bono) or significantly reduced cost (low bono) to
25 25 24
fundraisers) qualifying organizations, for which Deloitte would normally bill for
Total donations 148 126 103 the professional services performed. Expenses incurred to deliver
pro bono work are included in the total reported costs for managing
By source -volunteer and pro bono work
societal impact.
Pro bono work1 83 67 48
Skills-based volunteering 56 41 37
Traditional volunteering 58 22 16
Total value of volunteer and pro bono work by Deloitte people 197 131 101
By source - program costs
Costs for managing societal impact 31 27 19
Monetary value of societal investments
Total societal investments 377 284 223
Societal investments by contribution area Percentage of total
Contributions aligned towards WorldClass(education and skills-building) 47% 39% 43%
Value of pro bono and skills-based volunteering as percentage of value of all
71% 83% 83%
volunteering and pro bono work
Hours of societal investments Thousand hours
Pro bono work 483 471 304
Skills-based volunteering 928 696 606
Traditional volunteering 482 204 138
Total hours of volunteering and pro bono work by Deloitte people 1,893 1,371 1,048
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 102]
Building better futures | 102 FY2023 Performance metrics Societal impact Progress toward goals -Societal impact including WorldClass Note: Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte Goal description 2030 Goal FY2023 Progress Total progress to date organization except where otherwise noted. Due to rounding, sum of sections may not equal total. Individuals impacted through WorldClass 100 million 24 million 57 million A detailed description of the contents of this report and the methods used in calculating data values in this Societal impact FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 section can be found in the Deloitte Global FY2023 Monetary value of societal investments US$ million Basis of Reporting. By source - donations Firm and foundation donations (monetary and in-kind) 123 101 79 1 Pro bono refers to professional service engagements performed at Donations by Deloitte people (to Deloitte-supported organizations and no cost (pro bono) or significantly reduced cost (low bono) to 25 25 24 fundraisers) qualifying organizations, for which Deloitte would normally bill for Total donations 148 126 103 the professional services performed. Expenses incurred to deliver pro bono work are included in the total reported costs for managing By source -volunteer and pro bono work societal impact. Pro bono work1 83 67 48 Skills-based volunteering 56 41 37 Traditional volunteering 58 22 16 Total value of volunteer and pro bono work by Deloitte people 197 131 101 By source - program costs Costs for managing societal impact 31 27 19 Monetary value of societal investments Total societal investments 377 284 223 Societal investments by contribution area Percentage of total Contributions aligned towards WorldClass(education and skills-building) 47% 39% 43% Value of pro bono and skills-based volunteering as percentage of value of all 71% 83% 83% volunteering and pro bono work Hours of societal investments Thousand hours Pro bono work 483 471 304 Skills-based volunteering 928 696 606 Traditional volunteering 482 204 138 Total hours of volunteering and pro bono work by Deloitte people 1,893 1,371 1,048 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 102]
Goal description | 2030 Goal | FY2023 Progress | Total progress to date
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 102]
Monetary value of societal investments | US$ million
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 102]
Total donations | 148 | 126 | 103
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 102]
Total value of volunteer and pro bono work by Deloitte people | 197 | 131 | 101
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 102]
Costs for managing societal impact | 31 | 27 | 19
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 102]
Total societal investments | 377 | 284 | 223
----------------------------------------

[Table 8 — Page 102]
Societal investments by contribution area | Percentage of total
----------------------------------------

[Table 9 — Page 102]
Hours of societal investments | Thousand hours
----------------------------------------

[Table 10 — Page 102]
Total hours of volunteering and pro bono work by Deloitte people | 1,893 | 1,371 | 1,048
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 103
FY2023 Performance metrics
Our people
Progress toward aspirational goals -Talent Note: Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte
Goal description 2025 Goal 2023 Goal FY2023 Progress organization except where otherwise noted. Due to
Percent of women among partners, principals, and managing directors 1 30% 25% 26% rounding, sum of sections may not equal total.
Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Board of Directors1 40% 30% 35%
1Board of Directors and Executive Committee membership is
Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Executive Committee1 40% 30% 38% presented as of 1 June 2023 to reflect composition as of the date of
report publication, thus does not align with composition during the
Talent FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 fiscal year which ended on 31 May 2023. If presented as of the end
of FY2023 on 31 May 2023, figures would be: percent of women
Workforce Number of individuals
members on Deloitte Global’s Board of Directors: 38%; percent of
By level women members on Deloitte Global’s Executive Committee: 23%.
Partners, principals, and managing directors2 19,592 17,927 16,772 2Partners, principals, and managing directors refer to Deloitte firm
Professional staff 3 372,448 336,754 274,804 partners, principals and US managing directors.
Administrative staff 4 64,786 57,270 53,798 3For purposes of this report, professional staff is defined as Deloitte
firm individuals spending at least 50% of their time serving clients
By region and includes professionals from director to junior staff.
Americas 215,373 196,503 156,186 4For purposes of this report, administrative staff is defined as
Europe/Middle East/Africa 142,805 127,764 112,578 Deloitte firm individuals spending less than 50% of their time
serving clients and includes professionals from director to junior
Asia Pacific 98,648 87,684 76,610
staff. Administrative staff also includes Deloitte Global professionals
Total workforce who do not serve clients.
Total workforce 456,826 411,951 345,374 5 Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women.
We are on a journey to more accurately and completely capture
gender identity information across our network. The Talent data
Talent by gender 5 Percentage of total provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity data based
Percent of women in leadership and governance bodies on information available at this time. In some cases where gender
Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Board of Directors 1 35% 38% 29% data is not available, the data may not sum to 100%.
Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Executive Committee 1 38% 23% 23% 6 Age ranges are estimated based on data collected from Deloitte
firms.
Percent of women by level
7 The rate is calculated using the total Deloitte people at the end of
Partners, principals, and managing directors 2 26% 25% 23% the reporting period.
New partners, principals, and managing director admissions 2 30% 27% 27%
Professional staff3 44% 43% 43%
Administrative staff 4 63% 63% 63%
Overall 46% 45% 45%
Percent of women by region
Americas 45% 44% 44%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 46% 46% 45%
Asia Pacific 48% 47% 48%
Overall 46% 45% 45%
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 103]
Building better futures | 103 FY2023 Performance metrics Our people Progress toward aspirational goals -Talent Note: Figuresare aggregated across the Deloitte Goal description 2025 Goal 2023 Goal FY2023 Progress organization except where otherwise noted. Due to Percent of women among partners, principals, and managing directors 1 30% 25% 26% rounding, sum of sections may not equal total. Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Board of Directors1 40% 30% 35% 1Board of Directors and Executive Committee membership is Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Executive Committee1 40% 30% 38% presented as of 1 June 2023 to reflect composition as of the date of report publication, thus does not align with composition during the Talent FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 fiscal year which ended on 31 May 2023. If presented as of the end of FY2023 on 31 May 2023, figures would be: percent of women Workforce Number of individuals members on Deloitte Global’s Board of Directors: 38%; percent of By level women members on Deloitte Global’s Executive Committee: 23%. Partners, principals, and managing directors2 19,592 17,927 16,772 2Partners, principals, and managing directors refer to Deloitte firm Professional staff 3 372,448 336,754 274,804 partners, principals and US managing directors. Administrative staff 4 64,786 57,270 53,798 3For purposes of this report, professional staff is defined as Deloitte firm individuals spending at least 50% of their time serving clients By region and includes professionals from director to junior staff. Americas 215,373 196,503 156,186 4For purposes of this report, administrative staff is defined as Europe/Middle East/Africa 142,805 127,764 112,578 Deloitte firm individuals spending less than 50% of their time serving clients and includes professionals from director to junior Asia Pacific 98,648 87,684 76,610 staff. Administrative staff also includes Deloitte Global professionals Total workforce who do not serve clients. Total workforce 456,826 411,951 345,374 5 Deloitte people align to gender identities beyond men and women. We are on a journey to more accurately and completely capture gender identity information across our network. The Talent data Talent by gender 5 Percentage of total provided is a mix of biological sex and gender identity data based Percent of women in leadership and governance bodies on information available at this time. In some cases where gender Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Board of Directors 1 35% 38% 29% data is not available, the data may not sum to 100%. Percent of women members on Deloitte Global's Executive Committee 1 38% 23% 23% 6 Age ranges are estimated based on data collected from Deloitte firms. Percent of women by level 7 The rate is calculated using the total Deloitte people at the end of Partners, principals, and managing directors 2 26% 25% 23% the reporting period. New partners, principals, and managing director admissions 2 30% 27% 27% Professional staff3 44% 43% 43% Administrative staff 4 63% 63% 63% Overall 46% 45% 45% Percent of women by region Americas 45% 44% 44% Europe/Middle East/Africa 46% 46% 45% Asia Pacific 48% 47% 48% Overall 46% 45% 45% BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 103]
Goal description | 2025 Goal | 2023 Goal | FY2023 Progress
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 103]
Workforce | Number of individuals
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 103]
Total workforce | 456,826 | 411,951 | 345,374
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 103]
Talent by gender 5 | Percentage of total
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 103]
Overall | 46% | 45% | 45%
----------------------------------------

[Table 7 — Page 103]
Overall | 46% | 45% | 45%
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 104
Talent FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 8Performance tracking for this indicator is reported beginning in
FY2022.
Talent by age range 6 Percentage of total
9 Training hours do not include on the job learning hours that are a
By age range - overall core aspect of development at Deloitte.
Age <30 47% 47% 45% 10 The methodology for calculating training information evolved from
Age 30-50 47% 46% 49% an estimate based on actual costs from reporting Deloitte firms in
FY2021, to full data collection from all Deloitte firms in FY2022. As
Age >50 6% 7% 6%
such, data presented for FY2022 and FY2023 reflects the revised
By region and age range -Americas methodology, while data presented for FY2021 reflects amounts
Age <30 47% 47% 46% calculated using the previous methodology.
Age 30-50 46% 46% 48% 11Indirect training cost is the opportunity cost based on estimates
of the value of time spent in formal learning.
Age >50 7% 7% 7%
12Two additional Deloitte University facilities are under construction.
By region and age range -Europe/Middle East/Africa
Age <30 47% 48% 45%
Age 30-50 46% 45% 49%
Age >50 7% 7% 6%
By region and age range -Asia Pacific
Age <30 47% 48% 44%
Age 30-50 49% 46% 51%
Age >50 4% 6% 5%
New hires Number of individuals and percentage of total
By level
Partners, principals, and managing directors new hires 2 830 835 511
Partners, principals, and managing directors new hire rate7 4% 5% n/a 8
Professional staff new hires 3 115,110 139,565 75,562
Professional staff new hire rate 7 31% 41% n/a 8
Administrative staff new hires 4 16,755 16,025 7,654
Administrative staff new hire rate 7 26% 28% n/a 8
By region
Americas new hires 53,769 74,486 36,593
Americas new hire rate 7 25% 38% 23%
Europe/Middle East/Africa new hires 47,349 46,321 27,191
Europe/Middle East/Africa new hire rate 7 33% 36% 24%
Asia Pacific new hires 31,577 35,618 19,943
Asia Pacific new hire rate 7 32% 41% 26%
By gender 5
Men new hires 70,011 86,268 n/a 8
Men new hire rate 7 53% 55% 55%
Women new hires 62,649 70,061 n/a 8
Women new hire rate 7 47% 45% 45%
Total new hires
Total new hires 132,695 156,425 83,727
Total new hire rate 7 29% 38% 24%
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 104]
Building better futures | 104 Talent FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 8Performance tracking for this indicator is reported beginning in FY2022. Talent by age range 6 Percentage of total 9 Training hours do not include on the job learning hours that are a By age range - overall core aspect of development at Deloitte. Age <30 47% 47% 45% 10 The methodology for calculating training information evolved from Age 30-50 47% 46% 49% an estimate based on actual costs from reporting Deloitte firms in FY2021, to full data collection from all Deloitte firms in FY2022. As Age >50 6% 7% 6% such, data presented for FY2022 and FY2023 reflects the revised By region and age range -Americas methodology, while data presented for FY2021 reflects amounts Age <30 47% 47% 46% calculated using the previous methodology. Age 30-50 46% 46% 48% 11Indirect training cost is the opportunity cost based on estimates of the value of time spent in formal learning. Age >50 7% 7% 7% 12Two additional Deloitte University facilities are under construction. By region and age range -Europe/Middle East/Africa Age <30 47% 48% 45% Age 30-50 46% 45% 49% Age >50 7% 7% 6% By region and age range -Asia Pacific Age <30 47% 48% 44% Age 30-50 49% 46% 51% Age >50 4% 6% 5% New hires Number of individuals and percentage of total By level Partners, principals, and managing directors new hires 2 830 835 511 Partners, principals, and managing directors new hire rate7 4% 5% n/a 8 Professional staff new hires 3 115,110 139,565 75,562 Professional staff new hire rate 7 31% 41% n/a 8 Administrative staff new hires 4 16,755 16,025 7,654 Administrative staff new hire rate 7 26% 28% n/a 8 By region Americas new hires 53,769 74,486 36,593 Americas new hire rate 7 25% 38% 23% Europe/Middle East/Africa new hires 47,349 46,321 27,191 Europe/Middle East/Africa new hire rate 7 33% 36% 24% Asia Pacific new hires 31,577 35,618 19,943 Asia Pacific new hire rate 7 32% 41% 26% By gender 5 Men new hires 70,011 86,268 n/a 8 Men new hire rate 7 53% 55% 55% Women new hires 62,649 70,061 n/a 8 Women new hire rate 7 47% 45% 45% Total new hires Total new hires 132,695 156,425 83,727 Total new hire rate 7 29% 38% 24% BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 104]
Talent by age range 6 | Percentage of total
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 104]
New hires | Number of individuals and percentage of total
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 104]
Total new hires | 132,695 | 156,425 | 83,727
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 105
Talent FY2023 FY2022 FY2021
Turnover Number of individuals and percentage of total
By region
Americas turnover 32,259 34,508 28,632
Americas turnover rate 15% 20% 19%
Europe/Middle East/Africa turnover 29,207 29,942 22,883
Europe/Middle East/Africa turnover rate 21% 25% 21%
Asia Pacific turnover 20,589 21,953 17,731
Asia Pacific turnover rate 22% 27% 24%
By gender 5
Men turnover 45,375 48,242 38,513
Men turnover rate 19% 24% 21%
Women turnover 36,501 38,150 30,733
Women turnover rate 18% 23% 21%
Total turnover
Total turnover 82,055 86,403 69,246
Total turnover rate 19% 23% 21%
Recruiting
Total applications
Total applications 7,927,000 5,720,000 4,583,560
Number of internships by gender 5
Men 43% 44% n/a 8
Women 48% 55% n/a 8
Total internships 34,200 32,000 20,105
Learning9
Hours of training per individual by level
Partners, principals, and managing directors 2 38 34 n/a 8
Professional staff 3 55 49 n/a 8
Average hours of training per individual by gender 5 n/a 8
Men 48 40 n/a 8
Women 45 43 n/a 8
Average hours of training per individual 10 47 42 55
Other learning metrics
Annual direct training investment 10(US$) $670M $463M $726M
Average annual direct training investment per individual 10 (US$) $1,500 $1,150 $2,200
Annual indirect training cost 11 (US$) $6.4B $5.12B $5.4B
Number of e-learning courses completed 9.9M 8.8M 5.9M
Number of Deloitte University facilities 12 6 6 6
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 105]
Building better futures | 105 Talent FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 Turnover Number of individuals and percentage of total By region Americas turnover 32,259 34,508 28,632 Americas turnover rate 15% 20% 19% Europe/Middle East/Africa turnover 29,207 29,942 22,883 Europe/Middle East/Africa turnover rate 21% 25% 21% Asia Pacific turnover 20,589 21,953 17,731 Asia Pacific turnover rate 22% 27% 24% By gender 5 Men turnover 45,375 48,242 38,513 Men turnover rate 19% 24% 21% Women turnover 36,501 38,150 30,733 Women turnover rate 18% 23% 21% Total turnover Total turnover 82,055 86,403 69,246 Total turnover rate 19% 23% 21% Recruiting Total applications Total applications 7,927,000 5,720,000 4,583,560 Number of internships by gender 5 Men 43% 44% n/a 8 Women 48% 55% n/a 8 Total internships 34,200 32,000 20,105 Learning9 Hours of training per individual by level Partners, principals, and managing directors 2 38 34 n/a 8 Professional staff 3 55 49 n/a 8 Average hours of training per individual by gender 5 n/a 8 Men 48 40 n/a 8 Women 45 43 n/a 8 Average hours of training per individual 10 47 42 55 Other learning metrics Annual direct training investment 10(US$) $670M $463M $726M Average annual direct training investment per individual 10 (US$) $1,500 $1,150 $2,200 Annual indirect training cost 11 (US$) $6.4B $5.12B $5.4B Number of e-learning courses completed 9.9M 8.8M 5.9M Number of Deloitte University facilities 12 6 6 6 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 105]
Turnover | Number of individuals and percentage of total
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 105]
Total turnover | 82,055 | 86,403 | 69,246
----------------------------------------

[Table 4 — Page 105]
Total applications | 7,927,000 | 5,720,000 | 4,583,560
----------------------------------------

[Table 5 — Page 105]
Total internships | 34,200 | 32,000 | 20,105
----------------------------------------

[Table 6 — Page 105]
Average hours of training per individual 10 | 47 | 42 | 55
----------------------------------------

Building better futures | 106
FY2023 Performance metrics
Governance
Governance FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 Note: Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte
Anti-corruption organization except where otherwise noted.
Confirmed incidents of corruption1 0 0 0
1Deloitte Global has a written policy requiring member firms to
FY2023 - FY2024 FY2021 - FY2022 escalate corruption incidents meeting established criteria to the
Percentage of overall workforce who have completed required anti-corruption training2 n/a 3 >95% 3 appropriate Deloitte Global executive. For the purpose of this
disclosure, corruption is defined as any form of bribery including
Required anti-corruption training completion by region
offering, promising, giving, accepting or soliciting anything of value
Americas n/a 3 >95% 3 for the purpose of gaining or securing any improper business
Europe/Middle East/Africa n/a 3 >95% 3 advantage.
Asia Pacific n/a 3 >95% 3 2All Deloitte people are required to complete anti-corruption
training—upon being hired and every other year thereafter—that
includes Global policies, corruption red flags and case study
scenarios. This figure may not reflect 100% participation at any
point in time, as required, because it includes Deloitte people on
extended leave and those with recent start dates who may still
complete the training before their designated due date.
3 As anti-corruption training takes place every other year, Deloitte
reports completion rates on a biennial basis. FY2023 performance
will be reflected in the FY2024 Global Impact Report, covering
training completed throughout FY2023 and FY2024.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS

[Table 1 — Page 106]
Building better futures | 106 FY2023 Performance metrics Governance Governance FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 Note: Figures are aggregated across the Deloitte Anti-corruption organization except where otherwise noted. Confirmed incidents of corruption1 0 0 0 1Deloitte Global has a written policy requiring member firms to FY2023 - FY2024 FY2021 - FY2022 escalate corruption incidents meeting established criteria to the Percentage of overall workforce who have completed required anti-corruption training2 n/a 3 >95% 3 appropriate Deloitte Global executive. For the purpose of this disclosure, corruption is defined as any form of bribery including Required anti-corruption training completion by region offering, promising, giving, accepting or soliciting anything of value Americas n/a 3 >95% 3 for the purpose of gaining or securing any improper business Europe/Middle East/Africa n/a 3 >95% 3 advantage. Asia Pacific n/a 3 >95% 3 2All Deloitte people are required to complete anti-corruption training—upon being hired and every other year thereafter—that includes Global policies, corruption red flags and case study scenarios. This figure may not reflect 100% participation at any point in time, as required, because it includes Deloitte people on extended leave and those with recent start dates who may still complete the training before their designated due date. 3 As anti-corruption training takes place every other year, Deloitte reports completion rates on a biennial basis. FY2023 performance will be reflected in the FY2024 Global Impact Report, covering training completed throughout FY2023 and FY2024. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ESG HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------

[Table 2 — Page 106]
Anti-corruption | | |
----------------------------------------

[Table 3 — Page 106]
| FY2023 - FY2024 | FY2021 - FY2022
----------------------------------------

“Deloitte,” “us,” “we,” and “our” refer to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (“DTTL”), its global network of member firms, and their related
entities (collectively, the “Deloitte organization”). DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) and each of its member firms and related entities are legally
separate and independent entities, which cannot obligate or bind each other in respect of third parties. DTTL and each DTTL member firm and related
entity is liable only for its own acts and omissions, and not those of each other. DTTL does not provide services to clients.Please see
www.deloitte.com/about to learn more.
Deloitte provides industry-leading audit and assurance, tax and legal, consulting, financial advisory, and risk advisory services to nearly 90% of the Fortune
Global 500® and thousands of private companies. Our people deliver measurable and lasting results that help reinforce public trust in capital markets,
enable clients to transform and thrive, and lead the way toward a stronger economy, a more equitable society, and a sustainable world. Building on its 175plus year history, Deloitte spans more than 150 countries and territories. Learn how Deloitte’s approximately 457,000 people worldwide make an impact
that matters at www.deloitte.com.
This communication contains general information only, and none of DTTL, its global network of member firms or their related entities is, by means of this
communication, rendering professional advice or services. Before making any decision or taking any action that may affect your finances or your business,
you should consult a qualified professional adviser.
No representations, warranties or undertakings (express or implied) are given as to the accuracy or completeness of the information in this
communication, and none of DTTL, its member firms, related entities, employees or agents shall be liable or responsible for any loss or damage
whatsoever arising directly or indirectly in connection with any person relying on this communication. DTTL and each of its member firms, and their related
entities, are legally separate and independent entities.
© 2023. For information, contact Deloitte Global.

[Table 1 — Page 107]

----------------------------------------


Deloitte Global Services Limited
Independent Limited Assurance
Statement
Environmental Performance Data
Assurance Report FY2023
October 2023

[Table 1 — Page 108]
|
----------------------------------------
Deloitte Global Services Limited Independent Limited Assurance Statement Environmental Performance Data Assurance Report FY2023 October 2023 |
|

Independent Limited Assurance Report to Deloitte Global Services Limited
Background and introduction We have not performed any procedures with respect to other information
included in the Report and, therefore, no conclusion on the Report as a whole
BDO LLP (‘BDO’ or ‘we’) was engaged by Deloitte Global Services Limited,
is expressed.
(‘DGSL’) to undertake a limited assurance engagement on the Deloitte
organization’s (as defined below) environmental performance data for the DTTL’s responsibilities
financial year ending on 31 May 2023 (figures reviewed shown in Appendix 1
The Directors of DTTL are responsible for:
to this report) as disclosed in the 2023 Deloitte Global Impact Report (‘the
Report’) in line with Deloitte Global’s FY2023 Basis of Reporting. • The preparation of the subject matter in accordance with Deloitte Global’s
We have performed a limited assurance engagement in accordance with the • FY23 Basis of Reporting
International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3410 (ISAE 3410)
• The accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report
Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements, issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. • The design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant
to the preparation of the report to provide assurance that the report is free
The Deloitte organization’s environmental sustainability performance metrics
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, to the extent
consist of the emissions of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (DTTL), its global
possible given developing methodologies
network of member firms, and their respective related entities (collectively,
the “Deloitte organization”). DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) and • Preparing the subject matter in accordance with the applicable criteria and
each of its member firms and their respective related entities are responsible for the content and statements contained therein.
for collecting their energy consumption and activity data. Consumption and
Inherent uncertainty
associated emissions are submitted to Deloitte Global annually and compiled
for inclusion in the Report. The engagement covered the entities comprising ISAE 3410 recognises that Greenhouse Gas quantification process can rarely be
the Deloitte organization and all facilities either owned or under the 100 per cent accurate due to:
operational control of any such entities.
• Scientific uncertainty, arising from incomplete scientific knowledge about
Our review was limited to the environmental sustainability data reported in the the measurement of the gases
2023 Deloitte Global Impact Report (‘the subject matter’) comprising:
• Measurement uncertainty, arising from limitations in measurement
• The total emissions relating to Scope 1, 2 and 3 Greenhouse Gases techniques and the use of estimations.
• The total energy consumption relating to Scope 1, 2 and 3 Greenhouse Gases Where significant assumptions or deductions are utilised, they are disclosed.
• Electricity procured from green tariffs and purchased energy
attribute certificates (EACs).
BDO LLP is a limited liability partnership and is authorised and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority to conduct investment business
Registered office: 55 Baker Street, London W1U7EU
Registered number: OC305127
Registered in England and Wales

Criteria A limited assurance engagement undertaken in accordance with ISAE 3410
involves assessing the suitability of Deloitte Global’s use of its reporting
The subject matter was prepared in accordance with the Deloitte Global
procedures as the basis for the preparation of the subject matter whether due
FY2023 Basis of Reporting which references the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, a
to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks as necessary in the
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition, 2004) and
circumstances and evaluating the overall presentation of the subject matter,
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard. The relevant emission factors, based
and GHG statement.
upon the FY2023 reporting period, were applied from published guidelines
including, but not limited to, the UK Government, the International Energy A limited assurance engagement is substantially less in scope than a reasonable
Agency (IEA), the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and AIB European assurance engagement in relation to both the risk assessment procedures,
Residual Mixes. including the understanding of internal control, and the procedures performed
in response to the assessed risks. As a result, the level of assurance obtained in
A materiality level of five per cent of the consolidated Deloitte organization
a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that
reporting was set by Deloitte Global. The testing conducted across the Deloitte
would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been
organization in scope of the reporting varied based upon the proportion of
performed.
activity data (e.g. energy consumption) and corresponding emissions relating to
Scope 1, 2 and 3 that each member of the Deloitte organization represents. Work performed
Testing focused on the geographies which, per emission source, accounted for a The procedures selected, and our determination of the nature, timing and
significant proportion of the Deloitte organization’s energy consumption and extent of these procedures, depend on our judgement including the assessment
emissions and were individually material. Other geographies were tested only of the risks of material misstatement, and non-compliance with laws and
when there was potential for errors to accumulate to material amounts. regulations relevant to the subject matter. Our procedures included, but were
not limited to:
Our responsibility
• ReviewoftheDeloitteGlobalFY2023BasisofReportingtounderstand and
Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion, in accordance
identify risksofmaterialmisstatementintheassociatedReport
with ISAE 3410, as to whether the reported subject matter (as set out in
Appendix I) has been prepared in accordance with Deloitte Global’s FY23 Basis • Interviewswithkeypersonnel tounderstand thesystemsandcontrols
of Reporting and to provide this in a report to DGSL. The standard required that in placeduring thereportingperiod
we:
• Reviewandassessmentofthesystems,processesandcontrols to
• Comply with the requirements of Part A and B of the Code of Ethics for collate, aggregate,validateandreportthedata
Professional Accountants, including independence, issued by the
• Evaluatedthematerialityofthelocationsbasedonreportedemissionsand
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (the IESBA Code); and
consideredthisforreasonableness againsttheDeloitteorganization’sreal
• Implement quality control procedures that are applicable to the individual estateandactivityinthoselocations
engagement in accordance with the requirements of International Standard
• Testedthekeyprocessesandcontrolscoveringtheconsolidationprocessand
on Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of
presentationofDeloitteorganizationleveldata
Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services
Engagements (ISQM 1).

• Reviewed the reasonableness of information provided by any member of the Restriction of use
Deloitte organization, including data of the Deloitte organization,
This assurance report is made solely to DGSL in accordance with the terms of
outsourced facilities managers or outsourced travel management companies
our engagement, which include agreed arrangements for disclosure. Our work
• Performed analytical procedures and sample tests on collated data and has been undertaken so that we might state to DGSL those matters we have
conversion factors applied in accordance with published guidelines. This been engaged to state in this limited assurance report and for no other
included reviewing any matters showing significant variations from prior purpose. Our limited assurance report should not be regarded as suitable to be
years used or relied on by any party wishing to acquire rights against us other than
DGSL for any purpose or in any context. Any party other than DGSL who obtains
• Confirmed the purchase of Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs)
access to our limited assurance report or a copy thereof and chooses to rely on
• Reviewed the draft disclosures contained within the draft Deloitte Global our limited assurance report (or any part thereof) will do so at its own risk. To
Impact Report, dated 25 September 2023 and the corresponding FY2023 the fullest extent permitted by law, we accept or assume no responsibility and
Performance Metrics – Environment table, to assess alignment with the deny any liability to any party other than DGSL for our work, for this
underlying GHG emissions calculations and activity data. independent limited assurance report, or for the conclusions we have reached.
Therelativeeffectiveness andsignificanceofspecificcontrolprocedures at Conclusion
DeloitteGlobal andtheireffect onassessmentofcontrol riskatthelevelofany
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have
memberoftheDeloitteorganizationaredependentontheirinteraction with
obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the
thecontrols andotherfactorspresentatothermembersoftheDeloitte
GHG emissions expressed as CO2e and other environmental data noted in the
organization.Wehavenotperformedanyprocedures toevaluatethe
Deloitte Global Impact Report for the financial year ended on 31 May 2023 (as
effectiveness ofcontrolsatindividual membersoftheDeloitteorganization.
per Appendix I), has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance
Wehavenotconducted anyworkoutsidetheagreedscopeandtherefore with Deloitte Global’s reporting methodologies.
restrictourconclusion totheabovementionedsubjectmatter.
Inherentlimitations
Non-financialperformance informationissubjecttomoreinherent limitations
thanfinancialinformation,giventhecharacteristics ofthesubjectmatterand
themethodsusedfordetermining suchinformation.Theabsenceofa
significantbodyofestablishedpracticeonwhich todrawallowsforthe
selectionofdifferentbutacceptablemeasurementtechniques whichcanresult Richard Weighell
inmateriallydifferent measurements andcanimpactaccuracyand Partner
comparability.Greenhouse gasquantification isunavoidablysubjecttoinherent For and on behalf of BDO LLP
uncertainty asaresultofbothscientificandestimationuncertainty andfor
55 Baker Street, London W1U 7EU
othernon-financial performanceinformationtheprecisionofdifferent
measurementtechniques mayalsovary.Furthermore, thenatureandmethods 26 October 2023
usedtodeterminesuchinformation,aswellasthemeasurement criteria and
theprecisionthereof,maychangeovertime.

Appendix 1 – Statement of Assured FY23 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Data
Greenhouse Gas Emissions FY23
(tCOe)
Scope 1
Fuel combustion in buildings 10,541
Vehicle fleet (internal combustion engine) Note 1 26,417
Total Scope 1 emissions Note 2 36,959
Scope 2
Purchased Electricity – buildings and fleet (market-based) Note 3 11,969
District heating and cooling 6,989
Total Scope 2 emissions Note 2 18,958
Scope 3
Business travel: air travel (tank-to-wake emissions) 307,044
Business travel: other sources Note 1 137,512
Total business travel emissions 444,556
Purchased goods & services (PG&S) Note 4 1,107,612
Total Scope 3 emissions Note 2 1,552,169
GHG Emissions Totals
Gross GHG Emissions Note 2 1,608,085

[Table 1 — Page 112]
Greenhouse Gas Emissions | FY23
----------------------------------------
| (tCOe) 2
Scope 1 |
Fuel combustion in buildings | 10,541
Vehicle fleet (internal combustion engine) Note 1 | 26,417
Total Scope 1 emissions Note 2 | 36,959
Scope 2 |
Purchased Electricity – buildings and fleet (market-based) Note 3 | 11,969
District heating and cooling | 6,989
Total Scope 2 emissions Note 2 | 18,958
Scope 3 |
Business travel: air travel (tank-to-wake emissions) | 307,044
Business travel: other sources Note 1 | 137,512
Total business travel emissions | 444,556
Purchased goods & services (PG&S) Note 4 | 1,107,612
Total Scope 3 emissions Note 2 | 1,552,169
GHG Emissions Totals |
Gross GHG Emissions Note 2 | 1,608,085

Appendix 1 – Statement of Assured FY23 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Data
Scope 2 Purchased Electricity GHG Emissions by FY23
Methodology Note 5
Metric tonnes CO2e
Electricity (market-based) 11,969
Electricity (location-based) 163,723
Energy Usage FY23
Terajoules (TJ)
Renewable electricity Note 3 1,340
Non-renewable electricity 90
Natural gas 179
Gasoline 261
Diesel Fuel 159
District heating and cooling 126
Total energy consumed 2,155

[Table 1 — Page 113]
Scope 2 Purchased Electricity GHG Emissions by Methodology Note 5 | FY23
----------------------------------------
| Metric tonnes CO2e
Electricity (market-based) | 11,969
Electricity (location-based) | 163,723

[Table 2 — Page 113]
Energy Usage | FY23
----------------------------------------
| Terajoules (TJ)
Renewable electricity Note 3 | 1,340
Non-renewable electricity | 90
Natural gas | 179
Gasoline | 261
Diesel Fuel | 159
District heating and cooling | 126
Total energy consumed | 2,155

Appendix 1 – Statement of Assured FY23 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Data
Note 1. In FY2023, Deloitte Global updated its Fleet Reporting Policy to further clarify which leased vehicles are considered to be under the operational control of any member of the Deloitte organization. The change
in policy resulted in emissions associated with certain lease schemes previously included in Scope 1 in FY2022 being accounted for under Scope 3 in FY2023. The change in classification resulted in personal usage from
such leases being excluded in FY2023 as only reimbursed mileage is reported under scope 3, in line with the Deloitte organization’s inventory boundaries, due to the lack of operational control. This has resulted in a
decrease in the gross GHG emissions. This methodology change is possible due to improvements in data granularity, and therefore cannot be applied retrospectively.
Note 2. Due to rounding, the sum of activity level emissions may not equal the total reported emissions per scope area.
Note 3. These figures include the EACs purchased.
Note 4. In FY2023, Deloitte Global revised the methodology for calculating real estate emissions included in reported purchased goods and services (PG&S) emissions to align with updated guidance from the real estate
sector. As a result of the updated guidance, Deloitte Global has removed upfront embodied carbon real estate emissions from reported PG&S emissions of the Deloitte organization. For comparability, this change in
methodology has been retroactively applied to previously reported PG&S amounts, which has resulted in a recalculation and restatement of PG&S amounts and emissions totals for the base year and all the previous
years’ data. The recalculation and restatement has resulted in emissions decreased of 144,250 tonnes in FY2022; 126,152 tonnes in FY2021; and 104,665 tonnes in FY2019. Reported FY2023 PG&S emissions would be
approximately 160,000 tonnes higher if using the previous methodology.
Deloitte Global will continue to review its approach to Scope 3 reporting in the future, aiming to continually improve the accuracy of its disclosures. When these enhancements lead to a material change in a reported
figure, Deloitte Global is committed to explaining the nature of the change, its reasoning for its appropriateness, and the variance compared to previous methodologies.
Note 5. In accordance with the GHG Protocol, Deloitte Global publishes purchased electricity emissions using both the location and market-based methodologies. The location-based methodology involves using an
average national, regional or subnational emission factor that relates to the local grid from with electricity is drawn. The market-based method involves deriving emission factors from contractual instruments, allowing
a zero emission factor to be applied to electricity consumption that is matched to a renewable energy source. Deloitte Global includes the market-based emissions within the GHG inventory of the Deloitte organization
as this corresponds to near-term science-based targets of the Deloitte organization.

BDO LLP, a UK limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC305127, is a member of BDO
International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent
member firms. A list of members' names is open to inspection at our registered office, 55 Baker Street, London W1U 7EU. BDO
LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to conduct investment business.
BDO is the brand name of the BDO network and for each of the BDO Member Firms.
BDO Northern Ireland, a partnership formed in and under the laws of Northern Ireland, is licensed to operate within the
international BDO network of independent member firms.
Copyright ©2023 BDO LLP. All rights reserved.
www.bdo.co.uk

[Table 1 — Page 115]
|
----------------------------------------
BDO LLP, a UK limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC305127, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms. A list of members' names is open to inspection at our registered office, 55 Baker Street, London W1U 7EU. BDO LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to conduct investment business. BDO is the brand name of the BDO network and for each of the BDO Member Firms. BDO Northern Ireland, a partnership formed in and under the laws of Northern Ireland, is licensed to operate within the international BDO network of independent member firms. Copyright ©2023 BDO LLP. All rights reserved. www.bdo.co.uk |
|