--- Document Metadata ---
Title: H&M Group Sustainability Disclosure 2022
Created: D:20230330083741+01'00'
Pages: 90
--- End Metadata ---

Sustainability Disclosure 2022

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NNAATTUURREE
About this report
Clear and transparent reporting is vital for Disclosures reporting in our Annual and
creating accountability and monitoring our Sustainability Report.
performance. We continue to integrate our
financial and sustainability reporting while — Our Modern Slavery Statement details our
increasing levels of disclosure across a range approach to human rights and due diligence in
of channels, to meet the diverse needs of our our business operations and supply chain, with a
different stakeholders and external reporting focus on our Salient Human Rights Issues.
requirements. We’re committed to openly sharing
our progress based on the best available data, and This report covers the financial year from
to improving our level of disclosure each year. 1 December 2021 to 30 November 2022. Find
more information on the scope of this report in
Our reporting comprises several components: How We Report.
— Our Annual and Sustainability Report outlines
our financial and non-financial performance in H&M Foundation
2022, including our Statutory Sustainability
Report. The H&M Foundation is privately funded
by the Stefan Persson family, founders
— This Sustainability Disclosure complements and main owners of the H&M Group. The
the Annual and Sustainability Report by providing Foundation uses philanthropic resources
additional details about our strategy, goals, to find, fund and facilitate disruptive
performance data and policies. innovations, initiatives and research that
enable a socially inclusive and planet
— A dedicated sustainability section of our positive textile industry.
corporate website offers a broad range of
information on key topics, including our strategies Since 2013, the family has donated SEK 1.7
and policies. billion (USD 219 million) to the Foundation.
— External reporting frameworks, including Learn more at hmfoundation.com and
Global Reporting Initiative and UN Guiding read more about some of the Foundation's
Principles indexes, are available on our website, activities throughout this report.
and Task Force on Climate-related Financial
P.2 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FFAAIIRR && EEQQUUAALL SSUUPPPPLLYY CCHHAAIINN MMAANNAAGGEEMMEENNTT HHOOWW WWEE RREEPPOORRTT

Contents
Our approach to sustainability Circularity, Climate & Nature Fair & Equal
Our approach to sustainability ..................4 Our approach to Circularity, Climate & Nature .. 23 Circular supply chain Our approach to being Fair & Equal .............61
Key sustainability policies & standards ..........7 — Resource optimisation & recirculation ...... 49 Respecting & advancing human rights .........63
Some words & phrases used in this report ...... 8 Climate & nature — Production processes ...................... 52 Social impact in our own operations ...........65
Climate ....................................... 26 Social impact in our production supply chain .. 67
Biodiversity & land use ........................ 32 Circular customer journey Inclusion & diversity .......................... 77
How we lead change
Water ........................................35 — Scaling customer-facing circular Community engagement ......................81
business models ..............................53
Chemicals ....................................38
How we lead change .......................... 10
Our approach to leading change ...............11 Resource use & circular impact Circular products, supply chain & Supply chain management
Transparency .................................13 customer journey
Moving to a circular ecosystem ...............40
Engaging with our stakeholders for — Packaging .................................56 Supply chain management .................... 82
positive change ................................15 — Stores, distribution centres & offices .......58
Circular products
— Design & assortment planning ..............41
How we report
— Material choice .............................43
2022 Highlights
— Microfibres. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
How we report. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86
2022 Highlights ................................18 UN Sustainable Development Goals .......... 87
External assessments ..........................19 Auditor’s report ..............................88
Circularity, Climate & Nature KPIs .............20
Fair & Equal KPIs ...............................21
P.3 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Our approach to
Our sustainability strategy
We have a vision to lead the change towards achieving a circular fashion industry with net-zero
sustainability
climate impact, while being a fair and equal company.
Our industry continues to evolve to meet United by our values, we have an ambition to lead
customer needs against the backdrop of the change towards a circular fashion industry
LEAD THE CHANGE
increasingly urgent environmental crises and with net-zero climate impact, while being a fair
social inequity. We recognise the positive and equal company. We will continue to listen to — Scale innovation
and negative impacts of our industry and our our customers and meet them where they are,
— Promote transparency
business, as well as the need and opportunity while inspiring them to develop a new relationship
for a transformation to new ways of working with fashion. — Collaborate for industrywide progress
that protect the rights of current and future
generations. Read more about how we strive to lead the
change, and our approach to circularity, climate
We aim to grow our business in a way that and nature and being a fair and equal company
decouples our financial growth and profitability at the beginning of these chapters. Read our
from the use of finite natural resources, so Annual and Sustainability Report for more details
that businesses and communities can thrive on our business strategy and information on our SUPPORT A CIRCULAR BE A FAIR AND
within planetary boundaries. In early 2022, we sustainability governance. FASHION INDUSTRY WITH EQUAL COMPANY
strengthened this ambition by introducing a goal NET-ZERO CLIMATE IMPACT
to double our sales (from a 2021 baseline) while
halving our greenhouse gas emissions1 (from a — Become net-zero across our value chain by — Have a positive impact on all
2019 baseline) by 2030. 2040, operating within planetary boundaries people across our value chain
— Have a net positive impact on biodiversity — Support and promote inclusion
and diversity in everything we do
— Scale circular models and systems
for our products, supply chains and
customer journeys
RESPECT HUMAN RIGHTS
1) Includes scopes 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, excluding indirect emissions
from use of sold products.
P.4 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MAN
Our approach to sustainability
A message from our CEO Investments in sustainability provide the Looking ahead, our main focus is on continuing
group with long-term business opportunities. to invest in and develop our customer offering
Looking back at 2022, it was a turbulent By building strategic partnerships with key and shopping experience for our unique brands,
year marked by the war in Ukraine and our stakeholders and growing in various innovative so that we keep meeting and exceeding our
thoughts are with all the people affected by this ways such as circular business models, we can customers’ needs and expectations.
devastating humanitarian crisis. grow our business in a way that decouples our
financial growth and profitability from the use of Despite the turbulent world around us, H&M
Throughout challenging external times, finite natural resources. A good example of this Group stands strong with a wide customer
sustainability remains an integral part of our is majority-owned, fast-growing Sellpy, which base, a robust financial position, healthy cash
business. This is underlined by our 2030 goal, is already one of the biggest players in second- flow and a well-balanced inventory. This is all
which combine targets for company growth hand fashion in Europe. thanks to the commitment from colleagues all
and profit with reductions in greenhouse gas around the world, who continue to build our
emissions. Our investment arm CO:LAB is a way for us to company, stand true to our values and ensure
explore new business models, and in addition we always realise the business idea that our
To reach our ambitious climate goals of halving to Sellpy we have invested in startups such as founder laid the ground for 75 years ago — to
the group’s greenhouse gas emissions by Smartex, Renewcell and Colorifix, to mention deliver our customers unbeatable value with the
2030 and achieving net-zero by 2040, we just a few. Our investments have in a short best combination of fashion, quality, price and
invest in projects to reduce greenhouse gas time created significant value, for example sustainability.
emissions throughout our whole value chain. by improving the customer experience and
During the year, our climate goals were verified enabling scaling and commercialisation
by the Science Based Targets initiative and of recycled and more sustainably sourced
we established the Green Fashion Initiative materials. Helena Helmersson
to support our suppliers in replacing fossil CEO, H&M Group
fuels. We also signed long-term virtual power We will continue to make investments in new
purchase agreements in the UK, Sweden business models, materials and technologies
and Spain to cover electricity consumption that have the potential to drive radical shifts
in our operations in a majority of European in how we make and remake our products,
markets. This will not only help us reduce our and how our customers can experience
greenhouse gas emissions, but also secure our fashion. Alongside these efforts, we will keep
energy prices. working for increased levels of transparency to
empower customers to make more informed
decisions about the products they buy.
P.5 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

NAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MAN
Our approach to sustainability
A message from our
value chain — including investing in projects I hope you enjoy reading our 2022 Sustainability
Head of Sustainability to support our suppliers in reducing their own Disclosure, which marks our 20th year of
emissions. sustainability reporting. We welcome open
As the world faces significant and ongoing dialogue and collaboration on the road ahead
social, environmental and economic challenges, Developing the processes and infrastructure to meet the many shared challenges of our
the actions we take to transform our business to scale circular options for our customers is an industry and our world.
and our industry are more important than important lever to reach our climate goals. This
ever. Alongside others in our sector, we must year, our use of recycled materials accelerated,
continue to accelerate our efforts to reduce reaching 23% (up from 18%) and contributing to a
emissions in line with science and decouple total of 84% recycled or other more sustainably Leyla Ertur
our growth from resource use. As we make sourced materials in our collections. H&M also Head of Sustainability, H&M Group
this journey, we must also contribute to a integrated an assortment from Sellpy into
just transition for the millions who rely on its website, as part of our effort to normalise
the fashion industry for their livelihoods. I am second-hand shopping. You will find more
convinced that brands placing sustainability examples and details on how we are putting our
at their core will be better prepared to meet circularity ambition into action in this report.
the evolving requirements of customers and
legislators, as well as making vital contributions Our efforts to positively impact the people
to a better future for the people and the planet. involved in our value chain are equally as
important as our actions to reduce our
Our goal of net-zero greenhouse gas emissions environmental footprint. We’re continuing
by 2040, now verified by the Science Based to work with our suppliers to improve social
Targets initiative, is a central part of this dialogue, gender equality and wages for their
ambition and a foundation to our sustainability workers, as well as increasing the scope of our
strategy. We are committed to reducing our detailed supply chain wages disclosure. We
climate impact in order to play our part in recognise the deep interrelationship between
addressing the climate crisis, and have so far people and the planet, building strong links
reached reductions of 8% in scopes 1 and 2 to social impacts across our environmental
and 7% in scope 3 emissions from our 2019 strategies — including through our Water
baseline. To push ourselves further and faster, Strategy 2030 and our updated materials vision.
we are increasing efforts to decarbonise our
P.6 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

NAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE FAIR & EQUAL
Key sustainability policies & standards
CROSS-CUTTING
— Human Rights Policy
OUR OWN OPERATIONS OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS
— Code of Ethics for Colleagues — Code of Ethics for Business Partners
— Whistleblowing Policy — Sustainability Commitment
— Social Policies — Child Labour Policy
— Privacy Policy — Migrant Worker Guidelines
— Responsible Marketing Guidelines — Home Working Policy
— Tax Policy — Sandblasting Policy
For more on H&M Group’s policies and standards see the Corporate Governance Report within our Annual and Sustainability Report.
P.7 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
OUR MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS
— Animal Welfare Policy
— Responsible Raw Material Sourcing Policy
— H&M Group Chemical Restrictions

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE FAIR & EQUAL
Some words & phrases used
in this report
Throughout this report we use certain words and — Circular supply chains: Building scalable
phrases to describe our approach to addressing systems that circulate products and materials for
specific social and environmental issues. Here, we repair, reuse and recycling and use lower-impact
explain what we mean by these terms. production processes — such as dyeing, printing
and finishing.
Circular and circularity are terms we use
throughout this report in different contexts. We — Circular customer journeys: Providing
use them as high-level terms to describe activities convenient ways to engage in circular fashion
aligned with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s where products are used more before being
(EMF) definition of circular economy, which repaired, reused and recycled.
focuses on three principles: eliminate waste
and pollution, circulate products and materials Customer-facing circular business models is
(at their highest value), and regenerate nature. an additional term we use to describe circular
More specifically, we support and aspire to the customer journeys. Circular business models
EMF vision for a circular fashion industry, where can be in place throughout the entire ecosystem.
products are designed to be used more, made to When we talk about care, repair and reuse
be made again, and made from safe and recycled models, we frame them as customer-facing
or renewable inputs. Where we reference our circular business models.
circular ecosystem, we are referring to putting
all these principles into practice through the way Fair compensation in our production supply
we operate our business and create our products, chain refers to a wage that — in a regular work
including: week, without overtime — is enough to meet
the basic needs of employees and their families
— Circular products: Creating products that are and provide some discretionary income. As a
made to last from safe, recycled, regenerative or minimum, the wage should meet legal levels or
other more sustainably sourced materials that can applicable collective bargaining agreement levels
circulate multiple times. — whichever is higher.
P.8 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Some words & phrases used in this report
Our vision to lead the change means innovating, Preferred transport options refers to modes Reverse supply chain is a term for a system that
incubating and investing in scaling new materials, of transport including 100% biofuel, electric and brings used products, materials and production
technologies and business models with the zero-emissions vehicles.1 waste back into circulation either as second-hand
potential to decouple our business growth products, or to be reused or recycled and diverted
from resource use. It means trying to do things Regenerative agriculture is a concept we refer back into the production system as valuable
differently, daring to take the first step. It means to in relation to raw material production. It is a resources.
sharing more data and working to improve the holistic approach to agriculture that focuses
accuracy and comparability of industrywide on the interconnection of farming systems and
disclosure. And finally, it means collaborating nature. Regenerative farming practices can
with others to change the way the industry improve soil health and strengthen the resilience
works and create the legislative environment and of farmers while also restoring natural habitats.
infrastructure required for the fashion sector of
the future. Responsible is one of the three pillars of our
long-term material sourcing vision. In this
More sustainably sourced, sourced in a context it means sourcing materials with the
more sustainable way or more sustainable overall aim to respect human rights and reduce
describes materials or raw material production, environmental impact while contributing to
processes, our overall operational activity, or that sustainable development in the countries where
of our suppliers that have a reduced negative we source.2 This is the foundation of all our
environmental impact compared to conventional sourcing decisions. The broader definition of what
alternatives. We base this assessment on constitutes a responsible company is defined
various qualitative and quantitative comparative by international frameworks and for H&M Group
data sources including third-party lifecycle it means understanding and taking action to
assessment (LCA) data, external benchmarks and address our impacts on people and the planet,
assessments, supply chain assessment scores, supported by robust systems of governance and
and data on other KPIs. We further define more transparent external communications.
sustainably sourced for different materials in our
Material Categorisation, Responsible Raw Material
Sourcing Policy and Animal Welfare Policy.
1) A zero-emissions vehicle is one that does not emit exhaust gas or other
pollutants when operational.
2) Our definition of responsible sourcing is based on the OECD Guidelines
for Responsible Business Conduct and the UN Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights.
P.9 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE
How we lead change
Our approach to leading change ...............11
Transparency .................................13
Engaging with our stakeholders
for positive change ............................15
P.10 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Our approach to — We invest in innovative companies that enable a
more circular future, supporting entrepreneurship H&M Foundation Global
in the fashion industry, through our investment
leading change Change Awards
arm, H&M CO:LAB.
The seventh round of H&M Foundation’s
— Our business ventures test and promote
Global Change Awards launched in
innovative ways of working. The membershipOctober 2022. This is one of the world’s
based brand Singular Society offers customers
largest innovation challenges to transform
We aim to use our size and scale to amplify the Innovation premium products at the price of what they cost
the fashion industry. It highlights bright
speed and impact of transformation in the fashion to make. In 2022 we discontinued Treadler, a B2B
minds reinventing fashion and changing the
sector. Innovative business models, materials and service giving others access to H&M Group’s
way it is seen, worn and made. The aim is
production processes that enable circularity and supply chain, due to uncertainties in the world
to find, support and scale disruptive ideas
To us, leading the change means innovating, offer new experiences for customers have the and slow growth. The venture generated valuable
that can transform the fashion and textile
incubating and investing in scaling new materials, potential to transform our industry. We identify learnings that we will apply to future projects.
industry and help protect our planet. The
technologies and business models that have and test many different solutions, and scale the
winners will be announced in June 2023.
the potential to decouple our business growth most promising ones. Although some will fail, — Ongoing investment in our data systems and
from resource use. It means trying to do things this approach means we accelerate discovery of analytical tools will support us to make more
differently, daring to take the first step. It means innovations that can make a positive impact. informed sustainability decisions and accelerate
sharing more data and working to improve the progress towards our goals.
accuracy and comparability of industrywide — We support early-stage innovations through to
disclosure. And finally, it means collaborating commercial production, accelerating integration — We look for opportunities to reach new
with others to change the way the industry of these innovations into our organisation and customer groups. For example, H&M Move
works and create the legislative environment and supply chain, through our Circular Innovation launched in 2022, offering a wide range of
infrastructure required for the fashion sector of Lab. In 2022, we supported research from ‘movewear’ designed to reduce barriers to sport
the future. Karolinska Institutet and SLU (Swedish University and get everybody and every body moving.
of Agricultural Sciences) to scale production of a
We focus on three areas: scaling innovation, protein-based fibre that mimics spider silk. — 55% of respondents to our annual stakeholder
promoting transparency, and collaborating with survey rate H&M Group as good or very good
stakeholders and policymakers for industrywide — We explore new circular business models at innovation, telling us that we are strong in our
progress. and other areas that research shows will be of initial support for innovations, but need to scale
strategic importance to our business through these faster.
H&M Group Laboratory, an innovation hub within
the Group. Read more about our work to scale Learn more about how innovation speeds
customer-facing circular business models. transformation, online and in examples
throughout this report.
P.11 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Collaboration drives large-scale impact
An interview with Federica Marchionni, CEO of Global Fashion Agenda about how we’re doing and what we can do better
Global Fashion Agenda (GFA) is a non-profit What do we do well, what could we do better? and evolving data tools are complex and
organisation that fosters industry collaboration H&M Group excels in fostering collaboration ‘perfect data’ does not seem to be definable nor
on sustainability in fashion to accelerate impact. to drive large-scale impact. The Group’s pre- achievable before the 2030 deadline to reach
competitive mindset has helped form initiatives the Paris Agreement’s targets.
What’s your impression of H&M Group’s such as Circular Fashion Partnership and
efforts to create transparency for customers? thought leadership publications like Fashion At present, there are no harmonised rules
I strongly believe H&M Group strives to be open CEO Agenda. It has also demonstrated strong or guidelines for greenwashing accusations.
and transparent to increase customer awareness leadership within other multi-stakeholder They can be made and communicated broadly,
about its sustainability performance and to initiatives, such as the Sustainable Apparel prompting a proliferation of unsubstantiated
inspire the industry to do the same. But as a Coalition and ACT on Living Wages. By sharing allegations and diminishing the incentive for
frontrunner, the company experiences greater knowledge and resources, H&M Group is companies to be open about their efforts —
scrutiny and risks. At the same time, elements of stimulating greater supply chain transparency leading to increased greenhushing and, for
H&M Group’s sustainability communication must and traceability in the industry. some, inaction.
be corrected, but I fully support its bravery to
voluntarily disclose impact to help drive change. Moving forward, I hope the group avoids labelling How can the industry work together to create
specific collections or products in a way that more transparency?
What’s your reflection on the criticism faced could easily be misinterpreted. Instead, it should We need alliances to align on data gaps,
by H&M Group in 2022? apply a holistic approach, demonstrating both increase understanding and develop better data.
GFA took the criticism seriously and worked with social and environmental impact for products in a Companies should demonstrate their impact
H&M Group to understand the circumstances clear and substantiated way. using the most robust data sources available.
and the company’s efforts to resolve the The industry must show leadership, demonstrate
issues. We believe that H&M Group appreciates What challenges do fashion companies face in best practice and stay ahead of regulation on
the importance of communicating accurate becoming more transparent? performance claims as well as data transparency
messages. The company wants to be as Reliable data is crucial for transparency and to and traceability. For this to happen, we need
transparent as possible and has removed any substantiate sustainability claims. Both critics thorough discussions with regulators and law
potentially misleading product messaging. and supporters of existing data platforms agree enforcers about harmonised development and
that there is a need for ‘better data’. However, the interpretation of regulation.
growing expectation for collating ‘perfect data’
must not stall progress. Sustainability reporting
P.12 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Transparency on individual products to drive positive change claims about a product. This certification,
across the industry. The SAC temporarily paused independently verified by a third-party
the Higg Index Transparency Program to review organisation, will help to validate the sustainability
and evolve due to criticism. We welcome further claims we share with customers about specific
development of the Higg Index to improve the materials.
tools and accelerate industry progress.
Together with peers and stakeholders, we have Our focus remains on our two key objectives: — We are contributing our expertise to the
a long history of reporting our progress on — The Conscious programme rewarded European Commission’s Product Environmental
sustainability — including tracing and disclosing — Empowering informed choices: Giving customers for purchasing products with at Footprint (PEF) to create a framework for
details of our supply chains, and testing and customers the information they need about least 50% more sustainably sourced materials, measuring the environmental impact of products.
piloting new ways of tracing materials and our business and products to make informed such as certified organic cotton and recycled
collecting and sharing data. These have been decisions. polyester. Over the last ten years Conscious has
Progress: accelerating
important steps to push the boundaries on played an important role in helping customers
sustainable change
transparency forward across our industry. But — Accelerating sustainable change: Increasing make more informed decisions. Evolving clarity
we want to take this further to meet increasing transparency and traceability across our value in our sustainability communications led us to
demands from our customers for clear, accurate chain, giving us greater control over our impacts reconsider using the Conscious title — a decision — We scaled our traceability programme with
and relevant information about our products, and creating industry comparability. that was hastened by recent external criticism and TextileGenesis to several pilots using blockchain
supply chain and business practices. Our aim is reinforced by emerging legislation. We welcome technology to trace textiles across the supply
to create comparability to enable better choices Traceability is key to enabling greater harmonised guidance as we take our next steps to chain. This year, we rolled out the project for all
— for our customers, as well as for ourselves and transparency. Accurate data on raw materials improve the clarity of the information we provide man-made cellulosic fibres and recycled polyester
our industry. This is something we have worked and products is essential. We’re committed to to customers. For the products that previously and trained hundreds of suppliers across several
towards for a number of years, continually continually improving the comparability and qualified for using the Conscious title, we will now countries. We initiated the process for tracing
testing different solutions. A lack of harmonised quality of the data, systems and calculations we show additional information about the material more than 200 million H&M Group pieces on the
legislation and standardised approach to use, together with our partners and all relevant composition more clearly. The H&M members TextileGenesis platform, and approximately 44
sustainability claims as well an ongoing evolution stakeholders. Mindful of the ethical considerations points programme continues to empower million pieces have so far been fully traced.2 In
of data and data systems have posed a challenge. around collecting and using data, we share our members to take actions such as using our 2023, our ambition is to continue to accelerate
approach to processing and protecting personal garment collecting initiative, bringing their own and progress traceability in our full supply chain.
This year the fashion industry, including H&M data through our Privacy Notice. bag when shopping in store or choosing preferred This is crucial for us to reach our overall goals and
Group, has faced increased scrutiny over transport options1 when shopping online. We are ensure compliance.
sustainability claims, and we welcome the positive working towards providing information about the
Progress: empowering
shift towards clearer guidance and increased material choices for all our products. — Together with Textile Exchange and Textile
informed choices
transparency, which can only be achieved through GenesisTM we continued testing eTrackit, which
improved data collection and traceability. Our — H&M Group has been brand-certified against tracks a product’s volumes of certified materials
intention is, and will continue to be, to provide — We support the Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s several Textile Exchange standards, using a chain- online via e-tokens. The technology is applicable
transparent impact data to customers and (SAC’s) work to develop shared, verified of-custody system that ensures all points in the for many different fibre types with third-party
stakeholders to incentivise and drive positive product impact data, as this is key to enabling supply chain are certified to make sustainability
change in the industry. comparability and informing customer choice. 2) TextileGenesisTM creates article-level traceability from fibre to product
using digital tokens (Fibercoins), ensuring there is no “double-counting”
Our goal is to disclose transparent information of materials. The mechanism enables reliable, real-time data and ensures
1) Including 100% biofuel, electric and zero-emissions vehicles. verification of the origin of materials.
P.13 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Transparency
verification, and we aim to use it to provide the Learnings across the whole industry. Starting small and
verified data needed to confidently make product Recognition for scaling up gradually may be a better way forward.
claims. — For many years, our goal has been to drive
transparency
transparency in the industry by using the latest Future focus
— All our brands completed the Higg Brand & available tools and technologies to track our
— We ranked fourth in the Fashion
Retail Module (BRM), and had their data verified. progress and communicate openly with our — We will continue to work towards tracing all
Revolution’s 2022 Transparency Index, with
H&M publicly disclosed its scores for the first time customers. Trying new things involves greater fibre types by scaling existing initiatives and
a score of 66% (68% in 2021). The index
and set a goal to increase its score by 2% this year risk, but is also essential to finding opportunities exploring new ones, and we already have pilots
ranks 250 of the world’s biggest fashion
in comparison to 2021. The brand achieved this, for improvement. and scale-up plans in place for most material
brands according to the information
increasing its BRM environment score from 77.4% types. We are also working to connect fibre and
they disclose about their social and
to 85.1% and its social score from 74.3% to 84.3%. — Our industry still has a long way to go to meet material traceability with product traceability,
environmental policies, practices and
See more detailed scores on page 19. expectations for information and data about to achieve a fully traceable value chain from raw
impacts in their operations and supply
products and their impacts. Industry alignment material to customer.
chain.
— We updated our transparency strategy, and collaboration are key to making progress,
with a focus on further integrating transparent and we will continue to learn and contribute. We — We welcome clearer guidance and harmonised
— 50% of stakeholders rate H&M Group as
information about our products and materials into welcome harmonised methodologies for product legislation around making sustainability claims,
good or very good for transparency, down
our customer communications. Long term, we’re claims in the EU, such as PEF. harmonised across different markets. We will
from 71% last year — showing there is work
moving towards influencing and empowering our continue to engage and share our experience with
to do to rebuild trust in our ambitions and
customers to make better choices and reduce — We are continuously working to improve our stakeholders and policymakers on this issue.
actions. Read more in Engaging with Our
their negative impact. material integrity routines. In preparation for
Stakeholders.
forthcoming regulations and legislation around — We will continue working with our suppliers
— We continued assessing our suppliers’ social sustainability claims we need to continue investing and peers to encourage greater data disclosure
— In 2021, we achieved Leadership Level
and environmental performance using the Higg in competence development and improving and increase the comparability of data related to
in the SAC’s membership by verifying and
Facility Environmental Module (FEM) and the internal data flows to ensure our product claims different materials, processes and projects.
publicly disclosing environmental and
Higg Facility Social and Labour Module (FSLM). are as transparent and accurate as possible.
social responsibility data for our operations
Read more in Supply Chain Management. — The transparency landscape is evolving quickly,
and the majority of tier 1 and 2 suppliers.
— Robust, automated data systems are required alongside the expectations of what it means to
— Our H&M Group supplier list disclosed to replace our current approach, where technical be a leader in this area. We anticipate escalating
information about 1,183 tier 1 supplier factories, and human errors are possible. Securing a scrutiny of our commitments and reporting in the
covering 99% of relevant production volume, seamless flow of data through our systems coming years, alongside new legislation coming
and 392 tier 2 supplier factories, covering 73% remains a major challenge and a priority. into place that all companies will need to adhere
of relevant production volume. & Other Stories to. We remain firmly committed to learning,
began publicly sharing its supplier list. Read more — It’s challenging to find on-product transparency adapting and improving.
about H&M Group’s supplier list data. solutions that are scalable for supply chains
P.14 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Engaging with our stakeholders innovators, non-governmental organisations and
multi-stakeholder initiatives. Stakeholder feedback
for positive change
— Innovators. Critical to tackling complex, In 2022, 97 stakeholders (of around 800
systemic issues, we nurture and champion invited), participated in our stakeholder
innovators who help solve industrywide perception survey (96 in both 2021 and
challenges. 2020). This year:
Collaboration between diverse stakeholders — Supply chain workers and their — Challengers. We welcome scrutiny from NGOs — 72% of respondents agree or strongly
throughout the entire industry is crucial for representatives. Our suppliers’ workers and others who bring useful criticism and drive agree that H&M Group is taking the lead
accelerating and extending positive impact. are integral to the operation of our business. accountability for our actions — pushing us and among fashion retailers for social and
By joining forces behind shared goals, we can Anonymous supplier surveys and representative the industry to improve further. environmental sustainability (73% in 2021;
build on our diverse strengths. Dialogue drives groups such as trade unions enable us to engage 76% in 2020).
accountability and transparency. It also aids with this important stakeholder group. — Investors and analysts. Being a publicly listed
innovation and industrywide progress, as we learn company means that we are accountable to our — 90% say they have a good or very good
from each other. — Communities — including the local investors and our sustainability performance is experience in interacting with us (89% in
communities where our stores, offices, suppliers tracked and assessed by analysts. We maintain a 2021; 92% in 2020).
Our stakeholders represent or are themselves rights and their representatives across our value chain steady dialogue and integrate their feedback into
holders, and the actions we take as a business have are located, our customers and colleagues, our strategy and reporting. — 85% say H&M Group is a company they
the potential to impact their human rights positively and wider groups at risk of rights infringement. can trust (77% in 2021; 75% in 2020).
or negatively. We regularly engage with our We strive to contribute to positive social and — Policymakers. We engage with policymakers
stakeholders to determine our most material issues environmental impacts for each of these groups and international institutions to influence — We heard a strong wish from many of
and to update our salient human rights issues. Read — either directly through our operations and by legislation in support of systemic and meaningful our stakeholders for increased interaction
more about our materiality assessment process. working with our suppliers, or through community change. Read more about our public affairs work. in person.
investment activities.
Our stakeholders We continually engage with all our stakeholders — We received feedback to provide
— Business partners — including manufacturers, through various channels — including financial further details on milestones and shortOur stakeholders include: suppliers of commercial and non-commercial and sustainability reporting, our website, webinars term actions to long-term goals, which is
goods, service providers and franchise partners. and calls, focus groups, consultations and surveys, something we are very appreciative of and
— Customers. Our customers are the core of Together we raise industry standards by partnership meetings, interviews, training continue to work on.
our business, and we continuously strive to sharing expectations and partnering to address programmes, and our stakeholder newsletter.
understand, meet and exceed their needs and environmental and social challenges. We also run an annual stakeholder survey via an On the occasion of 20 years of sustainability
expectations. online platform, inviting anonymous views on our reporting, we took the opportunity to
— Experts. We collaborate with experts to sustainability performance and reporting. interview representatives of some of our
— Colleagues. Our colleagues around the develop ideas, tackle systemic challenges and most important stakeholders — read these
world are our most important asset. They bring create positive impacts beyond our business. Read more about our external collaborations and on pages 12, 25, 39 and 62. We welcome
a wealth of diverse knowledge, experience and These include peers, academics and researchers, how we engage with our stakeholders. our stakeholders’ input on how we’re doing
perspectives that enable creativity and innovation. and what we can do better.
P.15 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Engaging with our stakeholders for positive change
Dialogue with policymakers — Climate change1 — especially around Scope for Nature, calling for mandatory disclosure of Environment and Forestry from Indonesia as
3 greenhouse gas emissions, as these require a impacts and dependencies on nature by 2030. well as EU Commissioner for the Environment
Our public affairs work focuses on enabling systemic change in the energy frameworks of our Virginijus Sinkevicˇius at Stockholm+50. Our CEO
effective legislation that supports positive change production countries — and Circularity models, — Transparency and traceability, to ensure the and CFO contributed to high-level meetings with
in our industry. Increasing legal requirements and in support of the transition to a circular economy. credibility of sustainability claims. EU authorities on implementing the EU Textile
heightened scrutiny of the fashion industry help This is notably through advocacy for legislation Strategy. Our CEO also spoke at the WEF on
to level the playing field, alongside presenting supportive of Power Purchase Agreements and We participate in international discussions our transition towards renewable energy and a
opportunities for us and the wider sector to improved electricity grid connectivity in our on our sustainability work, including COP27, circular business model.
accelerate progress towards our sustainability markets of production, and through EU policies the International Labour Organization, the
goals. and legislations,2 such as the Energy Efficiency Organisation for Economic Co-operation and — We worked with governments in our production
Directive (EED), Renewable Energy Directive (RED), Development, the UN Framework Convention markets to support the development of social
Our approach is progressing from agenda setting EU strategy for sustainable and circular textiles, on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the UN Global protection systems, including increased
and policy shaping to informing and reacting Ecodesign for Sustainable Products Regulation Compact (UNGC) Decent Work in Global Supply unemployment benefits for workers in Indonesia,
to emerging proposals. Helping policymakers (ESPR), Waste Shipment Regulation (WSR), Chains Action Platform, the UNGC CFOs Coalition improved pension systems in Cambodia, and the
to understand practical implications of new Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR), and for the SDGs and the World Economic Forum launch of a workplace injury insurance scheme
legislation is key to this process. Waste Framework Directive (WFD). (WEF). trial in Bangladesh.
We’re expanding our public affairs resources — Data protection, focusing on increasing We are members of multi-stakeholder Future focus
to help drive systemic change, led by a central legislation around cybersecurity and responsible platforms, including ACT (Action, Collaboration,
public affairs team and supported by teams in our use of data. Transformation), AFIRM, Business for Nature, CEIA — We are preparing to comply with new
production and retail markets. (Clean Energy Investment Accelerator), ChemSec sustainability and reporting legislation while using
— Governance, reporting and responsible Business Group, EuroCommerce, Global Fashion dialogue as an opportunity to drive systemic
Priority policy areas business practices. This includes but is not Agenda, ICC, Industry Summit, the Pathways progress. Continued integration of sustainability
limited to supporting development of the EU Coalition, the Policy Hub — Circularity for Apparel into finance and technology will further enable
Our priority focus areas are those most relevant Taxonomy, Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence and Footwear, the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, innovation and accelerate progress.
to our sustainability work that hold the most Directive (CSDDD), and Corporate Sustainability Textile Exchange, the UNFCCC Fashion Industry
potential for positive impact: Reporting Directive (CSRD). Charter for Climate Action, and ZDHC (Zero — We welcome policy developments enabling
Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals). sustainable progress, such as accelerating
— Chemicals, to further improve our progressive — Impacts on nature, including active the planning and construction of a new green
chemicals management and pro-actively drive involvement in the work leading up to the Key 2022 activities power system in mainland China, increasing
for increased transparency about the content of adoption of a new global agreement on nature opportunities for renewable electricity in
chemicals. at COP 15 and ongoing work through Business — We engaged with global policymakers to Indonesia thanks to collaboration with the national
advocate for effective climate and circularity- electricity company PLN, and the I-REC launch in
1) We are committed to aligning all our climate change policy work with a related legislation. This included meetings Cambodia. But more is needed. We will continue
1.5 degree scenario.
2) Proposed and current. between our CEO and the Minister of to advocate to drive progress.
P.16 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE
Performance highlights
2022 Highlights ................................18
External assessments ..........................19
Circularity, Climate & Nature KPIs .............20
Fair & Equal KPIs ...............................21
P.17 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

2022 Highlights
7% 84% Reached more than 23%
414,000
supply chain workers with activities and recycled materials in our commercial
absolute reduction in scope 3 GHG recycled or other more
training on gender-based violence and goods, up from 18% in 2021 and taking us
emissions1,2 and 8% absolute reduction sustainably sourced materials in our
sexual harassment (GBVH). closer to our goal of 30% by 2025.
in scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions,3 commercial goods.
compared with 2019 baseline —
contributing to our target to reduce
absolute scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by
Established the
56% by 2030. 42%
Green Fashion Initiative
Our 2020 Sustainability Performance
Report was second runner-up for the
to support suppliers in replacing fossil
Best Report and winner for Relevance of our tier 1 supplier factories have
fuels. As of January 2023, we have 17
Launched a new & Materiality in the Corporate trade union representation (37% in 2021)
approved projects with a potential annual
Responsibility Reporting Awards. and 34% have collective bargaining
Water Strategy 2030 reduction of 50,000 tonnes CO e in H&M
agreements in place (27% in 2021), despite
Group’s supply chain, and an additional
and reduced relative water the challenges faced by unions.
reduction of approximately 140,000
consumption per product by 38%
tonnes beyond our own value chain.
compared to a 2017 baseline.4
44%
We have signed power purchase
Contributed
agreements in the UK, Sweden, and
H&M integrated an assortment from
absolute reduction of plastic packaging
SEK 114.2 million Spain to cover electricity consumption
Sellpy into its website in Sweden and
compared to 2018 baseline, achieving our
in our own operations in a majority of
Germany, to help normalise second- plastic reduction target ahead of time. to community investment initiatives,
European markets.
hand shopping. reaching 745,517 beneficiaries.
1) Excluding use-phase emissions. 2) Compared to last year this is a decrease of 248 kilotonnes driven by decreased stock-in-trade as well as increased energy efficiency, share of renewable energy, and share of recycled material. 3) Compared to last year this is an increase of 9,270 tonnes CO2e, which is primarily due to us not
procuring renewable energy certificates in Russia as we wind down our business in the country, and to some degree sourcing challenges in a few other markets. 4) Driven by a 21% water recycling rate and 21% improvement in relative water efficiency.
P.18 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

External assessments — Stand Earth Fashion Scorecard. H&M Group
ranked first in the Stand.earth Fossil Free Fashion
Scorecard 2023, an analysis of 43 fashion brands,
with a B- score overall and an A+ for our public
affairs work.
Benchmarks 66% (68% in 2021). While we are pleased with — Textile Exchange Corporate Fiber &
our position, it shows we still have more work Materials Benchmark. H&M Group was
— The Business of Fashion Sustainability Index. to do in this area. Our focus will be on further recognised as one of 47 leading companies out
H&M Group ranked fourth in Business of Fashion’s strengthening data and disclosure especially of 292 analysed in the 2021 Material Change
2022 benchmark, with five points more than last around the “know, show & fix” section, which Leaderboard. We were one of 16 companies
year. We ranked first for waste, joint second for requires further details about risk identification, identified as leading on circularity and one of
materials, and joint third for workers’ rights. action planning, grievances and remediation. 17 companies identified as leading on progress
towards achievement of the Sustainable
— CDP. H&M Group achieved CDP scores of A- in — FTSE4Good. H&M Group was a constituent Development Goals.
the Climate module and B- in the Water module. of the FTSE4Good Index Series, which helps
Our CDP Forest score increased to B- for Cattle investors identify companies demonstrating — Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals
products, B for Timber, and C for Palm Oil. strong environmental, social and governance (ZDHC) Brands to Zero assessment. H&M Group
standards. was one of eight brands awarded Aspirational
— Dow Jones Sustainability Index. H&M Group Level for our leadership in implementation of
was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability — Higg Brand & Retail Module (BRM). H&M chemical management in our supply chain.
World Index for the 11th year running. In 2022, publicly disclosed its scores for the first time
we reached a score of 61/100 (68/100 in 2021), and had them verified. This year, H&M’s BRM Awards
with highest possible or best in class scores environment score increased from 77.4% to 85.1%
in several areas including approach to anti- and its social score increased from 74.3% to — Corporate Responsibility Reporting Awards.
competitive practices, supplier risk management 84.3%. See detailed scores right. Our 2020 Sustainability Performance Report
measures, materiality disclosure, climate- was second runner-up for the Best Report and
related management strategies, environmental — Platform Living Wage Financials. Our winner for Relevance & Materiality this year.
reporting, social reporting, and human rights work on wages in our supply chain was rated The report was also first runner-up for the Best 2022 H&M Higg Brand & Retail Module scores
assessment. We were also listed in the Dow Jones as “advanced” in the Platform Living Wage Carbon Disclosure Report, second runner-up
European Index and included in the S&P Global Financials 2022 Annual Report. We were one of for Creativity in Communications, and fourth CATEGORY ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL
Sustainability Yearbook. only two members of the garment and footwear runner-up for Openness & Honesty. Management systems 100% 95.7%
sector included in this category, and our work on
— Fashion Transparency Index. H&M Group data collection and impact on the ground were Brand 81.9% 78.6%
ranked fourth out of 250 fashion brands and highlighted as best practice. We aim to further
Stores 80.0% 92.3%
retailers reviewed by Fashion Revolution’s 2022 improve by disclosing more about our remedy and
Fashion Transparency Index, with a score of grievance mechanisms.
Operations & Logistics 78.6% 70.8%
P.19 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 19]
2022 H&M Higg Brand & Retail Module scores CATEGORY ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL
----------------------------------------
Management systems 100% 95.7%
Brand 81.9% 78.6%
Stores 80.0% 92.3%
Operations & Logistics 78.6% 70.8%

Circularity, Climate & Nature KPIs
Details of specific goals and additional data, including the reasons for changes in performance this year, are included within relevant sections of the Circularity, Climate & Nature chapter.
Circularity, Climate & Nature KPIs1
2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL
Climate: % absolute reduction (scope 1 and 2) in GHG emissions compared with 2019 baseline,2,3 - +15% –22% –8% -56% by 2030
Climate: % absolute reduction (scope 3, excluding use phase) in GHG emissions compared with 2019 baseline3 - –8% –3% -7% -56% by 2030
Climate: % change in GHG emissions from own operations (scope 1 and 2) compared with previous year3,4 +8% +15% –32% +18% Monitor
Climate: % change in scope 3 GHG emissions compared with previous year3 –3% –8% +5% –4% Monitor
Climate: % change in electricity intensity in our stores (kwh/m2 per opening hour) compared with 2016 baseline3,5 –10% –17% –17% –23% -25% by 2030
Climate: % renewable electricity in own operations3 96% 90% 95% 92% 100% by 2030
Water: % reduction in production water use (water intensive tier 1 and 2 suppliers) from 2017 baseline6,7 –6% –4% –14% –21% -25% by 2022
Water: % of water recycled out of total production water consumption 13% 18% 21% 21% 15% by 2022
Water: % change in absolute total freshwater use (2022 baseline)8 See footnote 8 See footnote 8 See footnote 8 See footnote 8 -30% by 2030
Commercial goods: % of recycled or other more sustainably sourced materials total3 57% 65% 80% 84% 100% by 2030
Commercial goods: % of other more sustainably sourced materials3 55% 59% 62% 61% Monitor
Commercial goods: % of recycled materials3 2% 6% 18% 23% 30% by 2025
Packaging: % of recycled or other more sustainably sourced materials9 − − 68% 85% 100% by 2030
Packaging: % reduction in plastic packaging from 2018 baseline − –24% –28% –44% 25% by 2025
Chemicals: % of supplier factories compliant with ZDHC Manufacturing Restricted Substances List 80% 88% 95% 97% 100%
Garment collecting initiative: Tonnes of garments collected through garment collecting initiative10 29,005 18,800 15,944 14,768 Annual increase
1) We are not reporting against our % change in packaging this year, since we are in the process of 4) During 2022 we have identified that the conversion factor in our system for natural gas reported in 7) Includes a total of 440 manufacturing, fabric dyeing and printing suppliers in both tier 1 and tier 2
revising the goal and our circular packaging strategy, including a new baseline figure. therms was incorrect. Therefore we have underreported scope 1 emissions with 2072 tCO2e 2019, with water-intensive wet production, based on Q1-Q3 2022 performance data, reported by factory
2) Scope 1 and 2 are direct and indirect emissions of greenhouse gases from H&M Group’s own 1541 tCO2e 2020, and 3408 tCO2e 2021. and calculated using weighted averages for litre per kg of dyed knitted fabric, litre per metre of
operations, e.g. stores, distribution centres and offices. 5) In 2021 we upgraded our system for registering store opening hours precisely during the period woven/denim fabric, and litre per unit of product washed.
3) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points. The limited assurance process when many stores’ opening hours were impacted by Covid-19-related lockdowns. For this reason, 8) New KPI added in 2022, in preparation for reporting from 2023 onwards.
included: energy use, energy efficiency in stores, emissions from our own operations (scope 1 and 2); and with staff safety as our top priority, some of the irregularities in 2021 store opening hours were 9) In 2022 we continued to improve data management systems and the traceability process to secure
emissions from transportation, raw materials, garment manufacturing and fabric production (scope not recorded, which in turn decreased the 2021 energy efficiency KPI for those stores. certified packaging. To align with the 2021 improved methodology to capture FSC certifications, data
3); and all cotton and synthetics data, including our top three recycled materials (cotton, polyester, 6) 2022 data based on Q1 to Q3. 2021 data restated as -14% for the full year — in last year’s report we for 2020 is removed.
polyamide). stated -10.3% based on Q1 to Q3 2021. From next year, we will move to reporting against our new 10) Our garment collecting initiative was disrupted by the Covid-19 pandemic for part of the year in
Water Strategy 2030 goals, based on 2022 baseline data. 2020 and for the full year in 2021. Since March 2022 our garment collecting has been paused in
P.20 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002 Ukraine, Russia and Belarus.

[Table 1 — Page 20]
Circularity, Climate & Nature KPIs1 2019 2020 2021 | | GOAL
----------------------------------------
| 2022 |
Climate: % absolute reduction (scope 1 and 2) in GHG emissions compared with 2019 baseline,2,3 - +15% –22% | –8% | -56% by 2030
Climate: % absolute reduction (scope 3, excluding use phase) in GHG emissions compared with 2019 baseline3 - –8% –3% | -7% | -56% by 2030
Climate: % change in GHG emissions from own operations (scope 1 and 2) compared with previous year3,4 +8% +15% –32% | +18% | Monitor
Climate: % change in scope 3 GHG emissions compared with previous year3 –3% –8% +5% | –4% | Monitor
Climate: % change in electricity intensity in our stores (kwh/m2 per opening hour) compared with 2016 baseline3,5 –10% –17% –17% | –23% | -25% by 2030
Climate: % renewable electricity in own operations3 96% 90% 95% | 92% | 100% by 2030
Water: % reduction in production water use (water intensive tier 1 and 2 suppliers) from 2017 baseline6,7 –6% –4% –14% | –21% | -25% by 2022
Water: % of water recycled out of total production water consumption 13% 18% 21% | 21% | 15% by 2022
Water: % change in absolute total freshwater use (2022 baseline)8 See footnote 8 See footnote 8 See footnote 8 | See footnote 8 | -30% by 2030
Commercial goods: % of recycled or other more sustainably sourced materials total3 57% 65% 80% | 84% | 100% by 2030
Commercial goods: % of other more sustainably sourced materials3 55% 59% 62% | 61% | Monitor
Commercial goods: % of recycled materials3 2% 6% 18% | 23% | 30% by 2025
Packaging: % of recycled or other more sustainably sourced materials9 − − 68% | 85% | 100% by 2030
Packaging: % reduction in plastic packaging from 2018 baseline − –24% –28% | –44% | 25% by 2025
Chemicals: % of supplier factories compliant with ZDHC Manufacturing Restricted Substances List 80% 88% 95% | 97% | 100%
Garment collecting initiative: Tonnes of garments collected through garment collecting initiative10 29,005 18,800 15,944 | 14,768 | Annual increase

Fair & Equal KPIs
Details of specific goals and additional data, including the reasons for changes in performance this year, are included within relevant sections of the Fair & Equal chapter.
Fair & Equal KPIs
2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL
Supply chain: % tier 1 supplier factories with trade union representation1 See footnote 2 32% 37% 42% Monitor
Supply chain: % tier 1 supplier factories with collective bargaining agreements1 See footnote 2 18% 27% 34% Monitor
Supply chain: % tier 1 supplier factories with digital payment solutions (bank account and/or mobile money) See footnote 2 82% 91% 87% Monitor
Supply chain: % of workers in our tier 1 production supply chain that are female See footnote 2 63% 63% 62% Monitor
Supply chain: % of supervisors in our tier 1 production supply chain that are female See footnote 2 24% 28% 27% Annual increase
Supply chain: % of worker representatives in our tier 1 production supply chain that are female See footnote 2 59% 62% 63% Annual increase
Supply chain: % of tier 1 production supply chain factories with Health and Safety Committees in place3 See footnote 3 See footnote 3 See footnote 3 98% Monitor
Supply chain: % of suppliers regarding H&M Group as a fair business partner4 96% 96% 98% 89% Monitor
Own organisation: Overall People Engagement Pulses (PEP) employee engagement score (out of 100) 76 75 76 76 Monitor
Own organisation: % of H&M Group employees agreeing with the statement “Diverse perspectives are valued at H&M Group”5 See footnote 5 See footnote 5 74% 76% Annual increase
Own organisation: % of H&M Group employees agreeing with the statement “I am treated with respect and dignity” 82% 80% 83% 84% Annual increase
Own operations: % of female employees 76% 74% 74% 75% Monitor
Own operations: % of female employees in management positions 69% 71% 71% 75% Monitor
Own operations: % of female employees on the board of directors6 67% 67% 55% 55% Monitor
Own organisation: % of employees in brands that have received our Layers inclusion and diversity training8 See footnote 7 See footnote 7 15% 22% Monitor
Own organisation: % of employees in functions that have received our Layers inclusion and diversity training See footnote 7 See footnote 7 66% 71% Monitor
Community investment initiatives: total number of beneficiaries See footnote 7 See footnote 7 368,000 745,517 Monitor
Community investment initiatives: total contributions See footnote 7 See footnote 7 SEK 180.4 million SEK 114.2 million9 Monitor
1) Applicable legal standards include: the ILO core conventions; C87 2) New KPI introduced in 2020. 5) New since 2021, replacing our previous KPI % of H&M Group employees 8) In 2022, we removed the separate KPI for Layers training in markets,
Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organize 3) New KPI introduced in 2022. agreeing with the statement “I feel comfortable being myself at work”, as since there is such a high degree of overlap with the data from brands.
Convention, 1948; C98 Right to Organize and Collective Bargaining 4) This KPI was due to change this year as we integrate our supplier survey we updated our employee engagement survey platform. 9) Includes in-kind giving SEK 50.3 million, cash contributions SEK 52.7
Convention, 1949. Where these standards have not yet been ratified, into the ACT purchasing practices assessment. The ACT assessment had 6) Includes directors elected by AGM as well as employee representatives. million, management overheads SEK 9.0 million, employee volunteering
following Social & Labor Convergence Program verification guidelines, switched to a two-yearly cycle, so we did not make this change this year. Does not include deputies of employee representatives. SEK 2.1 million.
we referred to the national applicable legislation in force. 7) New KPI introduced in 2021.
P.21 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 21]
Fair & Equal KPIs 2019 2020 2021 | | GOAL
----------------------------------------
| 2022 |
Supply chain: % tier 1 supplier factories with trade union representation1 See footnote 2 32% 37% | 42% | Monitor
Supply chain: % tier 1 supplier factories with collective bargaining agreements1 See footnote 2 18% 27% | 34% | Monitor
Supply chain: % tier 1 supplier factories with digital payment solutions (bank account and/or mobile money) See footnote 2 82% 91% | 87% | Monitor
Supply chain: % of workers in our tier 1 production supply chain that are female See footnote 2 63% 63% | 62% | Monitor
Supply chain: % of supervisors in our tier 1 production supply chain that are female See footnote 2 24% 28% | 27% | Annual increase
Supply chain: % of worker representatives in our tier 1 production supply chain that are female See footnote 2 59% 62% | 63% | Annual increase
Supply chain: % of tier 1 production supply chain factories with Health and Safety Committees in place3 See footnote 3 See footnote 3 See footnote 3 | 98% | Monitor
Supply chain: % of suppliers regarding H&M Group as a fair business partner4 96% 96% 98% | 89% | Monitor
Own organisation: Overall People Engagement Pulses (PEP) employee engagement score (out of 100) 76 75 76 | 76 | Monitor
Own organisation: % of H&M Group employees agreeing with the statement “Diverse perspectives are valued at H&M Group”5 See footnote 5 See footnote 5 74% | 76% | Annual increase
Own organisation: % of H&M Group employees agreeing with the statement “I am treated with respect and dignity” 82% 80% 83% | 84% | Annual increase
Own operations: % of female employees 76% 74% 74% | 75% | Monitor
Own operations: % of female employees in management positions 69% 71% 71% | 75% | Monitor
Own operations: % of female employees on the board of directors6 67% 67% 55% | 55% | Monitor
Own organisation: % of employees in brands that have received our Layers inclusion and diversity training8 See footnote 7 See footnote 7 15% | 22% | Monitor
Own organisation: % of employees in functions that have received our Layers inclusion and diversity training See footnote 7 See footnote 7 66% | 71% | Monitor
Community investment initiatives: total number of beneficiaries See footnote 7 See footnote 7 368,000 | 745,517 | Monitor
Community investment initiatives: total contributions See footnote 7 See footnote 7 SEK 180.4 million | SEK 114.2 million9 | Monitor

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE
Circularity, Climate
& Nature
Our approach to Circularity, Climate & Nature .. 23 Circular supply chain
— Resource optimisation & recirculation ...... 49
Climate & nature — Production processes ...................... 52
Climate ....................................... 26
Biodiversity & land use ........................ 32 Circular customer journey
Water ........................................35 — Scaling customer-facing circular
Chemicals ....................................38 business models ..............................53
Resource use & circular impact Circular products, supply chain &
Moving to a circular ecosystem ...............40 customer journey
— Packaging .................................56
Circular products — Stores, distribution centres & offices .......58
— Design & assortment planning ..............41
— Material choice .............................43
— Microfibres. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
P.22 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Our approach to Circularity,
Operating within the planetary boundaries,
Climate & Nature driving holistic impact
FAIR & EQUAL
The pace of climate change and biodiversity loss resource use. We focus on developing circular
are accelerating, putting pressure on already products, using recycled and more sustainably
fragile ecosystems and communities. The way in sourced materials, enabling circular supply chains,
CLIMATE & NATURE
which we — as individuals and organisations — and scaling reuse, remake and recycling of our
u
co
se
n s
r
u
e
m
so
e
u
d
rc
c
e
o
s
n
a
tr
n
ib
d
u
t
t
h
e
e
s
s
t
p
o
e
b
e
o
d
t h
a t
t h
w
e
h
s
i
e
c h
is
t
s
h
u
e
e
y
s
a
, a
re
s
products.
C
ULAR ECOSY
S T
R E
well as affecting communities and livelihoods. The Making these changes will have implications for CI M
interconnection between people and the planet is the people across H&M Group’s value chain. We’re
clearer than ever, as existing inequities and threats exploring what a circular, net-zero fashion future NATURAL
to human rights are exacerbated by resource will mean for people and jobs, so we can enable RESOURCES
depletion and environmental change. a just transition by supporting a workforce that
is prepared for the evolution of the industry and
As a global fashion company, we must step up stands to benefit from it.
to take responsibility for our part in creating and
tackling these issues. We see an urgent imperative Making and tracking large-scale, systemic
and a huge opportunity to continue changing progress requires:
how we operate and to partner with others in our
industry to accelerate systemic progress. — Fit-for-purpose data, data systems,
measurement and calculations. The entire Supports
We’re working to make significant reductions fashion industry needs to work towards
in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions this decade consistent, comparable data and accounting
across our value chain, reduce our absolute methodologies — to aid transparency, avoid the
Our resource use, production, consumption and recirculates resources and reduces negative
water consumption, ensure wastewater quality, risk of false claims, and track impact effectively.
use of products have a direct impact on people social and environmental impacts.
and contribute to the global targets to have a We’re investing in improving our own data and
and planet.
We are in the process of investigating where
positive impact on nature. Supporting a circular working with our suppliers and peers to promote
Read more in the International Resource Panel and how circularity and a net-zero industry will
economy and moving to a circular ecosystem wider uptake of common approaches and
report Making Climate Targets Achievable. have an impact on people and communities,
— where resources are kept in use for as long consistent reporting.
and how we can work to drive holistic positive
as possible — are key levers to achieving these The fashion industry needs to transition from
impact during the transition.
aims and to decoupling our business growth from a linear use of resources to a system that
P.23 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 23]
Operating within the planetary boundaries, driving holistic impact FAIR & EQUAL CLIMATE & NATURE ULAR ECOSY C S T R E CI M NATURAL RESOURCES Supports
----------------------------------------
Our resource use, production, consumption and recirculates resources and reduces negative use of products have a direct impact on people social and environmental impacts. and planet. We are in the process of investigating where Read more in the International Resource Panel and how circularity and a net-zero industry will report Making Climate Targets Achievable. have an impact on people and communities, and how we can work to drive holistic positive The fashion industry needs to transition from impact during the transition. a linear use of resources to a system that

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NATURE
Our approach to Circularity, Climate & Nature
— Collaboration and innovation. Tackling
these complex and interconnected issues H&M Foundation
requires dialogue and a shared commitment
to progress. We collaborate with peers and H&M Foundation’s planet strategy
experts, for example through our work with the addresses challenges within the entire
Ellen MacArthur Foundation (EMF), Fashion Pact, earth system and across every step of the
Global Fashion Agenda, Policy Hub, WWF, and the fashion industry’s value chain. The aim is
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate to speed up meaningful solutions that can
Change (UNFCCC). We’re also deepening our regenerate, replenish and create conditions
work with policymakers to help shape a legislative for more life, which can help protect living
environment that will support a net-zero, circular conditions for people globally.
industry that contributes to reversing the loss
of nature. The Planet First program partnership
between H&M Foundation and Hong Kong
See our 2022 Circularity, Climate & Nature KPIs. Research Institute of Textiles and Apparel
(HKRITA) aims to find technologies and
solutions that consider all aspects of earth’s
natural support systems. For example, the
Carbon Looper project has led to a method
of treating cotton textiles that makes
the surface of the fabric capture carbon
dioxide from the surrounding air. Garments
capturing CO are now worn by staff at
Fotografiska, Stockholm.
P.24 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

CLIMATE & NATURE
Climate targets ‘send a vital signal’
An interview with Rachel Kitchin, Corporate Climate Campaigner at Stand.earth about how we’re doing and what we can do better
What is your overall impression of H&M by 2030, and to set a clear timeline to phase As a large customer of shipping cargo,
Group’s climate strategy and how we are out coal-fired boilers among all suppliers. H&M Group should also begin to address its
driving the climate agenda to reduce Phasing out fossil fuel energy is key to driving transportation emissions now, by committing to
emissions? the decarbonisation of the garment industry, cleaner fuels where available, while signalling its
H&M Group has clearly set an agenda to be a and H&M Group’s near-term target should send commitment to a zero-emissions transportation
leader among the biggest fashion brands to a vital signal to others in the industry that they future by joining First Movers, for example.
decarbonise its supply chains and shift towards have the responsibility and the ability to drive a
renewable energy. Its impact on the industry’s clean energy transition. Beyond decarbonising, H&M Group can
climate agenda is evident in the targets being set help kick-start the transition away from
by umbrella groups like the UN Fashion Charter What should be the next steps to leverage the extractive models by growing its raw materials
for Climate Action. As one of the most influential climate strategy? commitment from “more sustainable” to “organic
fashion brands on the planet, H&M Group has a H&M Group has set adequate climate targets, or regenerative”. In that new model, longerunique opportunity and important responsibility which is important, but it now needs to be term and net-positive farming methods support
to evolve beyond fossil fuels and spread new clear and transparent about the actions it is biodiversity and help communities prosper, while
business models that prioritise durable and taking to meet those targets, its successes, phasing out fabrics made from fossil fuels.
sustainably made apparel, and promote repair, and its failures. That means full transparency
resale and, as a last resort, recycling, to build a in its supply chain to tier 4, to encourage
new circular economy. accountability on raw material sourcing and
transparent data on key environmental targets,
What do you see as highlights of H&M Group’s including thermal coal phase-out to ensure
climate strategy? accountability to energy targets.
The highlight of H&M Group’s climate strategy
is the commitment it has shown by setting two
significant and meaningful targets towards
decarbonising its supply chain. H&M Group was
one of the first major global brands to target
100% renewable electricity in its supply chain
P.25 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Climate growth. We’re working to reduce our dependency — By 2030, the electricity sourced in our supply
on new resources while finding ways to generate chain will be 100% renewable.
growth through customer offerings such as rental,
reuse and recycling, and using recycled and other — By 2025, source 30% recycled materials.
more sustainably sourced materials — to support
a circular, net-zero fashion industry. To reach these targets, we focus on:
The climate crisis is affecting communities, much needed climate action beyond our value
natural systems and organisations globally, chain to enable both H&M Group and the global To help scale and accelerate climate action — Energy efficiency: Minimising our energy use
exacerbating existing human rights issues and economy to achieve net-zero in the coming within our industry and beyond, we advocate across our whole value chain — including our own
inequities. The people and ecosystems least decades. for ambitious renewable energy policies in the operations and logistics activities and throughout
equipped to cope are being hit the hardest by countries where we operate. In addition, to our supply chain.
environmental changes. Our climate work is closely linked to our efforts to enable impactful collaboration, we engage with
reduce impacts on water resources, biodiversity stakeholders within and outside our industry. — Renewable energy: Working to source 100%
We have a responsibility as a large company to and land use, as well as our efforts to support renewable electricity in our own operations and
rapidly reduce our own climate impact as far as human rights such as health, livelihoods, land Action within our value chain engaging with partners and suppliers to push for
possible. However, focusing only on our value rights and access to water. their increased use of renewable electricity, heat
chain is not going to be enough. Recognising this, Our groupwide climate goals are to reduce our and steam. We’re an RE100 member company.
we must also invest in and make contributions to Our climate strategy absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 56% We stopped onboarding new suppliers with coal
and our absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by boilers in January 2022.
Our long-term ambition is to reach net-zero as 56%2 by 2030, against a 2019 baseline. Our
defined by the Science Based Targets initiative’s longer-term goal is to reach net-zero by 2040.3 — Circularity: Investing in and scaling more
(SBTi) net-zero standard. This standard focuses on Our emissions reduction goals were verified in circular systems across our business — including
reducing GHG emissions before balancing out any 2022 by the SBTi. our products, supply chains and customer
minor remaining emissions that cannot be avoided, journeys.
using permanent1 carbon dioxide removals. We have several supporting targets focused on
different aspects of our value chain: Internal carbon pricing supports our teams to
We disclose against the Task Force on reduce GHG emissions from materials, production
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) — By 2030, achieve a 25% reduction in electricity processes and modes of transport.
recommendations which highlight the risks climate intensity in our stores, from a 2016 baseline.
change poses to our company and suppliers, Action beyond our value chain
giving us the opportunity to allocate funds and — By 2030, source 100% renewable electricity in
plan strategically to address these challenges. our own operations. We want to enable an ambitious climate agenda
both within our industry and globally, by
Central to reducing our GHG emissions are our 2) Excluding indirect GHG emissions from use of sold products. During advocating and engaging in policy that limits the
the year we have been engaging with the SBTi to identify a credible
efforts to decouple resource use from business mitigation approach that would enable setting a high integrity target for temperature rise to 1.5°C. Hence, we engage with
use-phase emissions. We will continue to engage with the SBTi but also
policymakers to develop and support legislation
aim to engage other stakeholders to build wider consensus on the topic
of setting reduction targets for indirect use-phase emissions. that enables accelerated decarbonisation of
1) Permanent carbon dioxide removals for use under the net-zero standard 3) Target boundary includes 100% of scope 1 and 2 emissions, and 100% of
are currently being defined by the SBTi, but will likely mean those that minimum boundary scope 3 emissions (which excludes indirect emissions our value chain — for example, through our
have a durability of >1000 years. from use of sold products).
P.26 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Climate
Our climate action framework Financing GHG emissions We measure return on these investments in
GHG emissions reductions, not financial gain.
reductions
IMPACT AREA ACTIONS
In 2021, we issued a EUR 500 million
Together with our suppliers, we are making sustainability-linked bond with the aim of
4. ADVOCATE significant efforts to phase out coal and financing, among other things, an accelerated
Value chain
other fossil fuels in our supply chain. The total transition to recycled materials and reduction
Advocate, engage and collaborate.
and beyond1
2022 spend on decarbonisation — including, of GHG emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) in our
ADDITIONAL Enable and inspire.
for example, energy efficiency investments supply chain — for example through the Green
ACTIONS FOR
in our stores, supporting our suppliers to Fashion Initiative (see page 28). The bond was
WIDER AND
phase out coal, and increasing the share 7.6 times oversubscribed and the interest rate
ACCELERATED
of more sustainably sourced materials — is tied to how well we succeed at achieving
3. REMOVE AND PROTECT
CHANGE
was approximately SEK 2.6 billion. These the targets for recycled materials and GHG
Value chain Remove and permanently store atmospheric CO .
2 investments include: emissions reduction.
and beyond1 Protect existing carbon sinks to avoid emissions and
biodiversity loss that arise from their degradation.
— Our Green Fashion Initiative, which makes
funding available to supplying factories to
invest in the technologies and processes
needed to reduce energy demand and replace
2. REDUCE
GOALS AND fossil fuels.
Value chain Goals and performance are aligned with
PERFORMANCE
1.5°C climate science.
— The Fashion Climate Fund by Apparel Impact
Institute. H&M Group is a lead contributor to
this fund designed to drive collective action to
tackle fashion’s supply chain GHG emissions.
1. MEASURE AND DISCLOSE
FOUNDATION Value chain Secure and collect data. — Our Sustainable Supplier Facility — in
partnership with Guidehouse, H&M Group
Measure, improve, assess and disclose.
is developing a facility to enable brands to
co-invest in supplier decarbonisation.
1) For example, by engaging in public affairs and collaboration, and making financial commitments to reduce climate
impacts beyond our value chain emissions. The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTI) will provide more clarity around
beyond value chain mitigation in guidance expected to be published in 2023.
P.27 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Climate
membership of the steering committee of the Progress: overall — We established the Green Fashion Initiative to November — to prepare for upcoming legislation
Fashion Industry Charter for Climate Action under support our suppliers in replacing fossil fuels. As and to make it easier to compare the results with
the UNFCCC, which we use to encourage trade — Our absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions of January 2023, we have 17 approved projects our financial performance.
associations and industry groups to support decreased by 8% compared to our 2019 baseline. with a potential annual reduction of 50,000
policies aligned with the Paris Agreement. Compared to last year, this is an increase of 9,270 tonnes CO e in H&M Group’s supply chain, and — We are continuously working to improve
tonnes CO e, which is primarily due to us not an additional reduction of approximately 140,000 our data availability and quality to be able to
The only way we can create rapid change at scale procuring renewable energy certificates in Russia tonnes beyond our own value chain. estimate our GHG emission results as accurately
is to work together with others. Climate is a key as we wind down our business in the country, as possible. This year we have updated the
focus of our partnership with WWF, including and to some degree sourcing challenges in a few — We provided trainings on setting science- calculation method for transport to achieve a
through membership of the WWF Climate other markets. based targets to our suppliers and and other higher level of granularity, and we have plans
Business Network. We also work with a range textile companies WWF is engaged with across to further accelerate this approach for multiple
of partners to reduce emissions across supply — Our absolute scope 3 GHG emissions Bangladesh, Cambodia, mainland China, India, emission categories in the coming year.
chains and transportation. We are a lead funder (excluding use-phase emissions) decreased by 7% Indonesia, Pakistan, Turkey and Vietnam.2
of the Aii Fashion Climate Fund to decarbonise compared to our 2019 baseline. Compared to last — All of these changes have been applied
fashion industry supply chains, and a member of year, this is a decrease of 248 kilotonnes driven — In our 2022 stakeholder survey, 40% of to historical results, both in absolute figures
the LEO coalition, which explores the viability of by decreased stock-in-trade as well as increased stakeholders rate our climate work as good or and reductions between years. This can be
biofuels for shipping. We are part of The Pathways energy efficiency, share of renewable energy, and very good. Read more in Engaging with Our seen in the results for 2021, where progress
Coalition, Smart Freight Centre’s Clean Cargo and share of recycled material. Stakeholders. since the baseline (2021 vs 2019, total scope
the BSR’s Sustainable Air Freight Alliance, Green 3 GHG emissions including use-phase) is now
Freight Asia, and Network for Transport Measures. — Supplier factories reporting use of on-site coal — Our new logistics roadmap is aligned with approximately -6%, compared to the -9%
We require sea transporters to register their boilers dropped to 701 (91 in 2021) due to factors the group’s GHG reduction targets. We created previously reported in the 2021 report. See
environmental performance in the Clean Shipping including our phase-out of on-site coal, changes frameworks for the design and construction pages 29-30 for details of our scope 3 emissions
Index or Clean Cargo Smart Freight Centre in our supplier base, local policy, and H&M Group of future distribution centres, focusing on including and excluding use-phase.
and we are a signatory to the Arctic Shipping pushing for increased electrification of steam our employees’ wellbeing as well as reducing
Corporate Pledge. production. We are working closely with supplier pollution and waste, using renewable energy and — As we make further improvements on the
partners and local stakeholders in our production supporting biodiversity (see page 33). data and method, we will continue to update our
We take a dual approach of delivering on science- countries to accelerate total substitution of coal, historical results and our 2019 baseline, but our
based emission reduction targets while making as well as financially supporting suppliers to target to reduce absolute GHG emissions 56% by
Progress: updated data and
meaningful contributions outside our value chain, transition to solar PV, solar thermal and thermal 2030 will always remain.
calculation methods
supporting the global goal to limit temperature energy from agricultural residues. This will make
increase to 1.5°C. This year we entered into long- a significant contribution to reaching our absolute Read more about how we calculate our emissions
term partnerships in two areas where increased GHG emissions reduction goal. — This year, we have aligned our climate reporting data.
financing of climate and nature action is urgently period with our financial year — December to
needed — see page 31.
2) Including three half-day training sessions, three webinars and two train1) Based on Q3 data. the-trainer sessions.
P.28 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Climate
Progress: energy efficiency in
GHG emissions2,3,4,5
Our GHG emissions data
our operations & supply chain % CHANGE % CHANGE FROM
2019 2020 2021 2022 FROM 2021 BASELINE YEAR GOAL
Scope 1: All direct GHG emissions from our
Total scope 1 emissions
17,062 15,128 16,092 13,899 –14 –19 -
own operations. — We reached a 23% reduction in electricity (tonnes CO2e)
intensity in our stores per square metre and Total scope 2 emissions,
Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions from opening hour from a 2016 baseline. Approximately including renewables (tonnes 48,733 60,607 35,339 46,803 +326 –4 -
consumption of purchased electricity, heat 72% of our stores (excluding mainland China and CO2e)
or steam used in our own operations. Russia) and 75% of our offices now have an LED Total scope 1& 2 emissions,
–56% by 2030
retrofit programme completed.1 We’re currently including renewables (tonnes 65,796 75,735 51,431 60,701 +186 –8 (2019 baseline)
Scope 3: Other indirect GHG emissions, working on a plan to systematically retrofit CO2e)
such as those from the extraction and efficient heating, ventilation and air conditioning Scope 3 emissions (kilotonnes
production of purchased materials and systems. CO2e) under our science- 6,102 5,605 5,8997 5,651 –3 –7 –56% by 2030
based target (excluding use- (2019 baseline)
fuels, transport-related activities in vehicles
phase emissions)
not owned or controlled by the reporting — Our in-house supply chain efficiency experts
Total scope 3 emissions
entity, electricity-related activities not performed 51 on-site evaluations and planned
(kilotonnes CO2e) including 7,973 7,109 7,525 7,093 - - -
covered in scope 2, outsourced activities, energy efficiency measures. The assessments use-phase emissions
and waste disposal. Includes emissions revealed energy efficiency improvement potential 2) In 2022, we updated our emissions calculations, including historic data — Scope 3 limitations and comments: franchise emissions are calculated
related to raw materials, fabric production, of nearly a fifth in tier 1 facilities and over a quarter see page 28. Read more about our data calculations. based on electricity intensity from comparable markets; capital goods,
3) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points. upstream leased assets, downstream leased assets, and processing
garment manufacturing, non-garment/ in tier 2. Examples of actions already taken as a The limited assurance process included: emissions from our own of sold products are not included; upstream transportation between
operations (scope 1 and 2) and emissions from transportation, raw suppliers, e.g. yarn spinner and fabric producer, are included in emission
non-commercial goods manufacturing and result of these assessments include replacement materials, garment manufacturing and fabric production (scope 3). factors for materials. To align with the Science Based Targets initiative’s
4) We have changed the reporting year for energy data and GHG emissions requirements, the customer use phase is not included in the scope 3 goal.
customer electricity usage. of air compressors, implementing heat recovery to align with our financial year. Our GHG emissions accounting and We will set a separate goal for the customer use phase. Scope 1 and 2
reporting are aligned with the GHG Protocol. Scope 2 emissions under emissions factors: electricity — based on IEA data from GHG Emissions
from air compressors, and digital monitoring and the market-based approach are equal to 46,803 tonnes CO2e. Under from Fuel Combustion © OECD/IEA 2020, www.iea.org/statistics, licence
the location-based approach (using grid average emission factors), www.iea.org/t&c; as modified by UL E&S; fuels – Department for Business,
Read more about how we calculate our control of steam boilers. scope 2 emissions were 465,059 tonnes. For further details and data, Energy & Industrial Strategy (BEIS), 2021 https://www.gov.uk/government/
emissions data. please see our CDP climate change investor response 2022. GHG publications/greenhouse-gas-reporting-conversion-factors-2021. Scope
emissions include carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide 3 emissions factors: raw material and fabric production — Higg MSI;
(N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur garment production — electricity based on IEA data from GHG Emissions
hexafluoride (SF6). from Fuel Combustion © OECD/IEA 2020, www.iea.org/statistics, licence
5) Scope 1 emissions are all direct emissions from our own operations; scope www.iea.org/t&c, as modified by UL E&S; fuels — 2018 update https://
2 represents indirect GHG emissions from consumption of purchased www.epa.gov/climateleadership/center-corporate-climate-leadershipelectricity, heat or steam used in our own operations; scope 3 includes ghg-emission-factors-hub; other expenditures — Defra, 2014, Indirect
other indirect emissions, such as the extraction and production of emissions from the supply chain; transport by rail, air, shipping, truck —
purchased materials and fuels, transport-related activities in vehicles not emissions factors provided by Conlogic and NTM 2019.
owned or controlled by the reporting entity, electricity-related activities 6) The increase in scope 1 and 2 emissions compared to last year was
not covered in scope 2, outsourced activities, and waste disposal. largely a result of the reduction in the share of renewable electricity
Includes emissions related to raw materials, fabric production, garment purchased in 2022. This is primarily due to us not purchasing renewable
manufacturing, non-garment/non-commercial goods, and customer electricity certificates in Russia, and to some degree sourcing challenges
electricity usage. Scope 1 and 2 limitations and comments: only stores in a few other markets.
open for the full quarter are included; company cars and refrigerant 7) Since the release of the previous report, we have changed the reporting
1) In 2021, we upgraded our system for registering store opening hours leakage are not included, electricity consumption for HVAC operated by period, to better match the financial reporting. We are also continuously
precisely during the period when many stores’ opening hours were landlord not included; electricity consumption includes both actuals and improving our calculation method and strengthening our emissions data.
impacted by Covid-19-related lockdowns. For this reason, and with staff estimations, where estimations are made if actuals are not received within When these changes are made, we also update historical data. This has
safety as our top priority, some of the irregularities in 2021 store opening the reporting deadline; for stores estimates are based on current average led to a smaller decrease between 2019-2021 than previously reported,
hours were not recorded, which in turn decreased the 2021 energy of opening hours and store area, for other facilities estimates are based on mainly due to the base years emissions being lower than before, rather
efficiency KPI for those stores. previous consumption; includes market-based emissions from electricity. than the emissions in 2021 being higher.
P.29 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 29]
GHG emissions2,3,4,5 % CHANGE % CHANGE FROM 2019 2020 2021 2022 FROM 2021 BASELINE YEAR GOAL | |
----------------------------------------
| 2022 |
Total scope 1 emissions 17,062 15,128 16,092 (tonnes CO2e) | 13,899 | –14 –19 -
Total scope 2 emissions, including renewables (tonnes 48,733 60,607 35,339 CO2e) | 46,803 | +326 –4 -
Total scope 1& 2 emissions, including renewables (tonnes 65,796 75,735 51,431 CO2e) | 60,701 | –56% by 2030 +186 –8 (2019 baseline)
Scope 3 emissions (kilotonnes CO2e) under our science- 6,102 5,605 5,8997 based target (excluding use- phase emissions) | 5,651 | –56% by 2030 –3 –7 (2019 baseline)
Total scope 3 emissions (kilotonnes CO2e) including 7,973 7,109 7,525 use-phase emissions | 7,093 | - - -

Climate
Scope 3 GHG emissions1,2,3 Energy use in our own operations5
2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL
Fabric production4
% Renewable electricity in our own
96% 90% 95% 92%6 100% by 2030
40% (2,851kt) operations
Energy use within our own operations
6,456,290 5,170,934 4,992,908 4,980,547 —
(gigajoules), of which:7
District heating (GJ) 187,230 258,458 110,290 91,008 —
1% (92kt)
End-of-life
sold products
Electricity (GJ)8 5,976,174 4,640,590 4,573,647 4,616,563 —
2% (155kt)
Other 20% (1,442kt) Building diesel, natural gas, oil and 292,885 271,886 308,971 272,975 —
others (GJ)
5% (331kt)
Use of sold
Transport
products Electricity use reduction per square
6% (455kt) metre and opening hour (2016 –10% –17% –17% –23% –25% by 203010
baseline, in comparable stores)9
10% (690kt)
7% (491kt) 5) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points. 8) Energy related to electricity-based cooling consumption is included.
Non-garment goods4 The limited assurance process included energy use and energy 9) In 2021 we upgraded our system for registering store opening hours
8% (585kt) efficiency in stores. precisely during the period when many stores’ opening hours were
6) The increase in scope 1 and 2 emissions compared to last year was impacted by Covid-19-related lockdowns. For this reason, and with
Raw materials4 largely a result of the reduction in the share of renewable electricity staff safety as our top priority, some of the irregularities in 2021 store
purchased in 2022. This is primarily due to us not purchasing opening hours were not recorded, which in turn decreased the 2021
renewable electricity certificates in Russia, and to some degree energy efficiency KPI for those stores.
sourcing challenges in a few other markets. 10) There was an error in our 2019 and 2020 Sustainability Reports, where
Garment 7) In 2022, we continued work to improve the accuracy of our emissions the end year for this goal was incorrectly stated as 2025.
manufacturing4 Other expenditures4 data. We will continue to be transparent about how we calculate our
emissions, learning and adapting our approach as methods improve.
Read more about our emissions calculations.
Find more detailed information and data on our website.
1) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points. using conservative assumptions. We have updated our emissions data
The limited assurance process included emissions from transportation, to enable comparability between years, following improvements in data
raw materials, garment manufacturing and fabric production (scope 3). analysis — read more above. Other emissions include business travel,
2) Categories are based on GHG Protocol. Number of products/spend is employee commuting, franchises, fuel- and energy-related activities, and
multiplied by approximate LCA-based conversion factors. Calculations in waste generated in operations.
the footprint analysis are based on a combination of high-quality H&M 3) Figures do not add up to 100% due to rounding.
Group data and the best available public data sources on CO2e emissions, 4) GHG Protocol category 1: purchased products.
P.30 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 30]
Energy use in our own operations5 2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL | |
----------------------------------------
| 2022 |
% Renewable electricity in our own 96% 90% 95% operations | 92%6 | 100% by 2030
Energy use within our own operations 6,456,290 5,170,934 4,992,908 (gigajoules), of which:7 | 4,980,547 | —
District heating (GJ) 187,230 258,458 110,290 | 91,008 | —
Electricity (GJ)8 5,976,174 4,640,590 4,573,647 | 4,616,563 | —
Building diesel, natural gas, oil and 292,885 271,886 308,971 others (GJ) | 272,975 | —
Electricity use reduction per square metre and opening hour (2016 –10% –17% –17% baseline, in comparable stores)9 | –23% | –25% by 203010

Climate
Progress: renewable energy in — We are working on a preferred fuel strategy for more than $1.5 billion in results-based payment Future focus
transports and holding discussions and trials with commitments.
our operations & supply chain
innovative fuel technology companies and vehicle — We’ll continue to prioritise finding suppliers
manufacturers. — We entered into our first contract for who align with our goals and steering existing
— 92% of electricity purchased for our operations permanent carbon dioxide removal (CDR),3 via suppliers towards lower GHG emissions,
was renewable (95% in 2021). The change from — We remain part of the LEO coalition, which a multi-year agreement with Climeworks using supported by investments and insights from our
last year was largely a result of the reduction in explores the viability of different innovative fuels direct air capture and storage. Scaling up the green investments.
the share of renewable electricity purchased in to reduce GHG emissions. emerging carbon dioxide removal market is
2022. This is primarily due to us not purchasing essential to enable both H&M Group and the — Our ongoing work to scale circular business
renewable electricity certificates in Russia, and to — We use electric vehicles for the last mile of global economy to achieve net-zero in the models and increase operational efficiency will
some degree sourcing challenges in a few other delivery in several regions. We used preferred coming decades, and we are seeking additional support progress towards our climate goals.
markets. transport options — including 100% biofuel, collaborations in this area.
electric and zero emissions vehicles — for 9% of — We are working on targets for supply chain
— This year, H&M Group signed Sweden’s the distance travelled by truck during Q2 and Q3 Learnings energy efficiency. Improving our supply chain data
largest solar power purchase agreement (PPA). 2022. From the end of 2022, all online customer quality and calculation methodology will be key to
The construction of the Swedish solar park will orders in the Netherlands will be delivered using — Calculating accurate GHG emissions data is enabling further emissions reduction actions.
commence in 2023, and it will supply H&M Group 100% preferred transport options. complex. We’re continually working on improving
with long-term renewable electricity at a fixed data quality and calculation methods. — We will continue working to influence
price. This adds to the previous agreements in the policymakers, to enable impactful action on
Progress: action on climate &
UK and Spain. Altogether we have now secured — From working on our green investments we’ve climate change such as scaling renewable energy
nature beyond our value chain2
a capacity of 200MW of renewable electricity, learned that in addition to security of business through PPAs. This will also have effects beyond
which will result in an indicative annual output of and financial support, supplier factories benefit our own value chain.
300GWh. By entering into purchase agreements — We joined the LEAF (Lowering Emissions by from increased knowledge about decarbonisation
like these, we are helping to increase the amount Accelerating Forest Finance) Coalition. and inspiration to implement GHG emissions
of renewable electricity available. The purpose of this public–private initiative is reduction strategies. Supporting suppliers’ switch
to mobilise large-scale financing to countries from gas and coal to electrical power will be key
Progress: transport & logistics committed to making ambitious reductions in to lowering emissions long term, partly due to the
tropical deforestation. Urgently ending tropical lack of renewable substitutes for traditional fossil
— Our transport GHG emissions reduced from deforestation is a crucial part of meeting the fuels in many regions.
360 to 331 kilotonnes CO e, including a 51% global climate goal, while also supporting
reduction in air freight emissions.1 sustainable development and protecting
biodiversity. To date, LEAF Coalition has mobilised
1) We have changed systems for calculating emissions for international 3) Permanent carbon dioxide removals for use under the net-zero standard
freight to improve granularity and internal control. We have therefore 2) Before defining an overall ambition on beyond value chain mitigation, we are currently being defined by the SBTi, but will likely mean those that
recalculated historic emissions for international freight. will await the SBTi’s guidance, expected to be published in 2023. have a durability of >1000 years.
P.31 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Biodiversity & land use
Thriving ecosystems are essential for the long- — Increase the recycled content of our
term health of our planet. The pace of biodiversity products to help reduce the impact on
loss threatens the security of our industry, which biodiversity associated with sourcing virgin
relies on fertile soil, robust forests, quality air and materials and reduce the amount of land we make
water, resilience against fires and flooding and use of. We are making progress towards our goals
healthy pollinators to produce natural materials. to source 30% of our materials overall and 100% of
our polyester from recycled sources by 2025.
We are continuing to analyse our impact on
biodiversity and nature guided by the Science — Scale customer-facing circular business
Based Targets Network (SBTN) methodology, with models that enable customers to prolong the life — Through our partnership with WWF we address We also reduce our overall impact on biodiversity
the aim to set science-based targets and disclose of their garments — for example through repair, environmental impacts across our value chain, and natural ecosystems by reducing GHG
our impacts in line with the Taskforce on Nature- rental, resell and recycling services. and we are an active supporter of WWF’s global emissions through our climate work, working
related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) framework. Biodiversity Stewardship Programme, providing towards zero discharge of hazardous chemicals,
— Work to match supply to demand, adjusting funding and advisory input — including, for and collaborating with stakeholders and
Our ambition is to have a net positive impact our assortment levels with the support of artificial example, for the development of the Biodiversity communities on shared water challenges.
on biodiversity, in line with the Avoid, Reduce, intelligence. Risk Filter.
Restore, Regenerate, Transform (ARRRT) We disclose additional details on our biodiversity,
framework and in support of the global targets — Invest in regenerative and transformative — We are part of the Strategic Advisory Group climate, forests and water impacts, progress
agreed at COP15. To achieve this we: agriculture and conservation projects of Business for Nature, a coalition of large and mitigation plans through the CDP, and we
and follow our sourcing materials roadmap businesses and financial institutions calling also report impacts through the Dow Jones
— Shift our material sourcing. Our aims are for — contributing to community wellbeing and for mandatory disclosure of impacts and Sustainability Index and the Textile Exchange
100% of our materials to be recycled or sourced prosperity while restoring natural habitats (see dependencies on nature by 2030. Corporate Fiber and Materials Benchmark.
in a more sustainable way by 2030. We are also table on page 33).
committed to only source Responsible Wool — Our Fashion Pact membership supports our Read more about our approach to biodiversity and
Standard-certified (RWS) wool, and FSC certified Collaboration — with governments, NGOs, work to reduce impacts on nature. land use.
wood, paper and man-made cellulosic fibres peers within and outside our sector, and local
(MMCF) by the end of 2025. We already source communities — is essential to make progress — We sponsor the Intergovernmental Science100% cotton from recycled, organic and other on measuring impacts and setting targets for Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem
more sustainable sources and only source viscose biodiversity. For example: Services (IPBES).
from suppliers ranked green in the Canopy Hot
Button Report. Read more about our memberships and
collaborations.
P.32 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Biodiversity & land use
Progress
Regenerative and/or transformative projects for key materials
— We increased our share of recycled or YEAR DURATION
PROJECT COLLABORATORS AIMS AND (WHERE RELEVANT) STATUS UPDATE STARTED (YEARS)
other more sustainably sourced materials to
COTTON
84%, including 23% recycled materials. We are
introducing regenerative farming practices as Source 500 tonnes of RegenAgri certified regenerative organic fibre from the first crop cycle
2022-23.
part of our materials roadmap, including already RegenAgri — India Amiha Agro 2022 3
Support 450+ farmers to develop regenerative practices across a total 600+ hectares of
placing orders for regenerative cotton in 2023 —
landholding.
see right. The scaling of our traceability work is
a key enabler for ongoing action to improve our REEVA (Regenerative, Ecologically Support 6,000 farmers to adopt regenerative practices by 2025.
sourcing choices. and Economically Viable WWF In 2022, the project started with 150 regenerative plots and provided training sessions to 2021 5
Agriculture) — India 3,000 farmers.
— We are working to decouple resource use from
Source 350+ tonnes of ROA Bronze-certified regenerative organic fibre from the first crop
ROC (Regenerative Organic ASA (Ploughman Agro Private Limited),
business growth by testing and scaling circular cycle 2022-23. 2022 3
Certified) — India Suminter India Organics PVT Ltd
customer offerings — read more on page 53. Support 1,200+ farmers to develop regenerative practices.
RPLC (Regenerative Production Laudes Foundation, IDH The Reach 120,000 farmers and bring 100,000 hectares under regenerative agricultural practices
— To aid the estimation of value chain 2022 5
Landscape Collaborative) — India Sustainable Trade Initiative, WWF India by 2026.
environmental footprints, we’re contributing to
the regular reviews of SBTN’s framework for WOOL
creating science-based targets to assess impacts
Biodiversity Restoration and Introduce regenerative practices at over 500,000 hectares, support land conservation and
and dependencies on nature. As part of our Regenerative Land Management BKB & Textile Exchange restoration, monitor outcomes on 500 hectares of land and deliver training to 1,000 BKB 2022 3
Fashion Pact membership, we participated in the Project — South Africa farmers.
Transforming Fashion for Nature project analysing
Create resource efficient, climate resilient agriculture and regenerative livestock grazing by
the land, biodiversity and ecosystem impacts of
enabling 70 smallholders and 10 commercial sheep farmers, covering a total of 10,000
our leather supply chain in Argentina in line with WWF Wool — South Africa WWF 2022 4
hectares, to use regenerative agriculture practices by 2025. By the end of 2022, 3 large-scale
the SBTN framework. commercial farmers and 39 communal farmers had joined the project.
LEATHER
— We worked with the Textile Exchange’s Leather
Impact Accelerator (LIA) to devise a framework Leather Impact Accelerator — Support cattle farmers to stop deforestation and collectively build the supply of
Textile Exchange & The Fashion Pact 2022 1
for best practices in leather supply chains and Brazil deforestation- and conversion-free (DCF) leather.
prevent deforestation practices in supplier farms.
RATTAN
Reforest 50 hectares of land and enrich 300 hectares in a wildlife corridor that is critical for
Forest Restoration and
WWF orangutans and can provide sustainable livelihoods for local communities through rattan 2022 3
Enhancement — Indonesia
production.
P.33 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 33]
Regenerative and/or transformative projects for key materials YEAR DURATION PROJECT COLLABORATORS AIMS AND (WHERE RELEVANT) STATUS UPDATE STARTED (YEARS) |
----------------------------------------
PROJECT |
COTTON |
RegenAgri — India | Source 500 tonnes of RegenAgri certified regenerative organic fibre from the first crop cycle 2022-23. Amiha Agro 2022 3 Support 450+ farmers to develop regenerative practices across a total 600+ hectares of landholding.
REEVA (Regenerative, Ecologically and Economically Viable Agriculture) — India | Support 6,000 farmers to adopt regenerative practices by 2025. WWF In 2022, the project started with 150 regenerative plots and provided training sessions to 2021 5 3,000 farmers.
ROC (Regenerative Organic Certified) — India | Source 350+ tonnes of ROA Bronze-certified regenerative organic fibre from the first crop ASA (Ploughman Agro Private Limited), cycle 2022-23. 2022 3 Suminter India Organics PVT Ltd Support 1,200+ farmers to develop regenerative practices.
RPLC (Regenerative Production Landscape Collaborative) — India | Laudes Foundation, IDH The Reach 120,000 farmers and bring 100,000 hectares under regenerative agricultural practices 2022 5 Sustainable Trade Initiative, WWF India by 2026.
WOOL |
Biodiversity Restoration and Regenerative Land Management Project — South Africa | Introduce regenerative practices at over 500,000 hectares, support land conservation and BKB & Textile Exchange restoration, monitor outcomes on 500 hectares of land and deliver training to 1,000 BKB 2022 3 farmers.
WWF Wool — South Africa | Create resource efficient, climate resilient agriculture and regenerative livestock grazing by enabling 70 smallholders and 10 commercial sheep farmers, covering a total of 10,000 WWF 2022 4 hectares, to use regenerative agriculture practices by 2025. By the end of 2022, 3 large-scale commercial farmers and 39 communal farmers had joined the project.
LEATHER |
Leather Impact Accelerator — Brazil | Support cattle farmers to stop deforestation and collectively build the supply of Textile Exchange & The Fashion Pact 2022 1 deforestation- and conversion-free (DCF) leather.
RATTAN |
Forest Restoration and Enhancement — Indonesia | Reforest 50 hectares of land and enrich 300 hectares in a wildlife corridor that is critical for WWF orangutans and can provide sustainable livelihoods for local communities through rattan 2022 3 production.

Biodiversity & land use
— In 2022, 87% of the paper and cardboard in our This allows suppliers to quickly verify the type of impact. For future projects more time will be
packaging was from recycled or more sustainably wood entering their factories and thereby avoid allocated for these steps.
sourced materials, and we aim to reach 100% by the use of wood from species that could only have
2025. We only use MMCF from suppliers ranked come from natural forests. — Traceability is key for us to fully understand our
green in the Canopy Hot Button Report, who impact on the ground. Secondary data will only take
have a low risk of sourcing from ancient and — Our CEO and other H&M Group sustainability us so far, but sourcing from trustable geographical
endangered forests. leaders spoke on panels at the UN’s locations is key for our impact assessment and
Stockholm+50 about solutions for climate, nature future science-based targets. This emphasises the
— Our CDP Forest score increased to B- for Cattle and pollution. Our CEO also spoke at a high-level need to continue extending our traceability work
products, B for Timber, and C for Palm Oil. event on nature during the World Economic and to partner with stakeholders that can help us
Forum Davos 2022 meeting. achieve traceability down to farm level.
— Guided by our assessment of the biodiversity
impacts of our raw material sourcing to — We hosted a Business and Biodiversity Action — Development of global goals, alongside
determine priority materials and locations, we Roundtable event associated with the Stockholm clear expectations from governments to define
have developed range of projects to support +50 environmental conference with WWF and common ambitions and progress, will enable us
regenerative and transformative agricultural Inter IKEA Group — bringing together more than to make progress more quickly with our partners
practices. See page 33 for more details. 30 businesses from across the world to discuss when the agenda, scope and timeline are shared.
the role of the private sector in protecting and
— Our updated Environmental Site Assessments improving biodiversity. Future focus
for potential new distribution centre sites include
a review of protected areas or landscapes, — We were one of the first of 500 businesses — As part of our long-term materials vision, we
ecological sites and potential nesting or roosting and financial institutions to sign the Business for will set a strategy for regenerative sourcing,
areas. In addition, our construction framework Nature statement calling on negotiators at COP15 alongside tracking the impact of and learning
requires vegetation selection to focus on native to make assessment and disclosure about impacts from our current regenerative projects. — We aim to pilot disclosing against the TNFD
plant species or those well-adapted to the local on nature mandatory. We supported the campaign draft framework, which recommends that
climate, so that they can self-sustain with natural in the media and spoke on behalf of Business for — We will continue to analyse our impact on nature companies assess and prioritise financial risks
precipitation. Any timber or timer-based products Nature at talks in preparation for COP15. and integrate biodiversity and nature into our related to nature across the supply chain.
used for construction must be reclaimed, recycled organisational decision-making. We are mapping
or certified by FSC, PEFC or SFI. Learnings our full value chain using the method set out by — We aim to make time-bound commitments in
the SBTN and aim to set science-based targets 2023 on no-deforestation and sourcing leather
— In partnership with WWF Cambodia, we — Finding the best local setup for intervention to reduce our impact. We will continue providing responsibly.
launched the WoodAI smartphone app, which projects is complex and requires suitable farmers input to the development of the SBTN guidance.
enables identification of wood species using a and crops, and the right legislative environment to
smartphone and a macro lens at the factory gate. enable lasting positive social and environmental
P.34 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
Water
We can no longer view floods, droughts and rising very low capacity due to closures and production
sea levels as being separate from climate change. fluctuation. We met or came very close to meeting
A recent reassessment of the planetary boundary our targets despite this unforeseen challenge.
for freshwater indicates that we have crossed
the safe zone limit, risking deforestation and soil The results we achieved together with our
degradation as moisture levels change. Without business partners and stakeholders have Water Strategy 2030
quality water, life-threatening preventable encouraged us to aim even higher. As we set out Read more about our new strategy, including additional 2027 and 2029 targets.
diseases proliferate and natural systems degrade new ambition in our Water Strategy 2030, we are
FOCUS AREA 2025 TARGETS - FOR ALL BASINS 2030 GOALS
— risks that are worsened by the effects of shifting away from relative water efficiency to
climate change. absolute water use reduction, to clearly decouple 30% reduction in absolute total freshwater extraction
10% reduction in absolute total freshwater use
growth from resource use. Our long-term aim is Scarcity and consumptive use in our supply chain against a 2022
against an averaged 2022 baseline.
baseline.
The fashion industry uses significant volumes to expand our scope beyond tier 1 and 2 facilities
of water, being reliant on water for production to cover other water intensive parts of our value
Facilities with direct discharge meet prioritised ZDHC All wastewater produced in the supply chain is treated in
processes and growing raw materials — H&M chain, such as fibre production and customer Conventional Parameters — Foundational Level. a way that the receiving water body is not adversely
Group is no exception. This year, devastating use phase. Quality Facilities with indirect discharge meet receiving affected due to the discharged effluent.
authority requirements for pollution load and Our business partners continue to disclose discharged
floods in Pakistan displaced millions of people
wastewater volume. water quality performance publicly on a regular basis.
and destroyed half of the country’s cotton Progress
crops, putting pressure on cotton availability. It Facilities will identify and understand their waterH&M Group together with our business partners has
is essential for government, brands and other — We launched our Water Strategy 2030, which related challenge, their ability to influence beyond
Governance strengthened water-related governance in all relevant
stakeholders to collaborate within a basin or we developed with input from brands, NGOs, their boundaries and their current and future shared
regions/basins.
water challenge.1
catchment area to tackle water challenges at water experts and key suppliers in each region.
facilities and in local communities to mitigate
Contribute to the majority of the population within highWASH % of H&M Group supplier employees with
and prevent further disasters. We must use less — We have achieved a 21% water recycling rate risk basins where our suppliers are located having
(water, sanitation unrestricted and free access to WASH facilities in the
water and contribute to increased quality and and 21% improvement in water efficiency in our sufficient, affordable, accessible, climate resilient WASH
and hygiene) workplace — target to be confirmed.2
that is acceptable to the people using it.
availability of this vital resource to help protect all supply chain, compared to a 2017 baseline. This
life on earth. equates to a combined overall 38% total water
Together with our business partners, co-develop and
consumption reduction — close to our 40% goal, Flooding & Facilities include flooding within their environmental execute a programme that contributes to the reduction
climate induced strategy, aimed at identifying and mitigating floodWe achieved almost all the goals in our Water despite the challenges of regaining momentum of local flooding risks (including other extreme climate
disaster related risks within their site premises.
Roadmap 2018-2022, which focused on improving in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic. In addition, events) within flood impacted regions.
water quality, efficiency, and recycling at the 49% of our facilities now harvest rainwater, against
1) Based on the definition of shared water challenge in the AWS Water 2) Actual target will be set after analysing the supply chain
facility level. During the Covid-19 pandemic many our goal of 50%. Stewardship Standard: a water-related issue, concern or threat shared by performance with 2022 Higg Facility Social and Labour Module
the site and one or more stakeholders within the catchment(s). Examples (FSLM) data.
of our supplier factories had to run machines at include physical water scarcity, deteriorating water quality and regulatory
restrictions on water allocation.
P.35 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 35]
Water Strategy 2030 Read more about our new strategy, including additional 2027 and 2029 targets. FOCUS AREA 2025 TARGETS - FOR ALL BASINS 2030 GOALS | |
----------------------------------------
FOCUS AREA | |
Scarcity | 30% reduction in absolute total freshwater extraction 10% reduction in absolute total freshwater use and consumptive use in our supply chain against a 2022 against an averaged 2022 baseline. baseline. |
Quality | Facilities with direct discharge meet prioritised ZDHC All wastewater produced in the supply chain is treated in Conventional Parameters — Foundational Level. a way that the receiving water body is not adversely Facilities with indirect discharge meet receiving affected due to the discharged effluent. authority requirements for pollution load and Our business partners continue to disclose discharged wastewater volume. water quality performance publicly on a regular basis. |
Governance | Facilities will identify and understand their water- H&M Group together with our business partners has related challenge, their ability to influence beyond strengthened water-related governance in all relevant their boundaries and their current and future shared regions/basins. water challenge.1 |
WASH (water, sanitation and hygiene) | Contribute to the majority of the population within high- % of H&M Group supplier employees with risk basins where our suppliers are located having unrestricted and free access to WASH facilities in the sufficient, affordable, accessible, climate resilient WASH workplace — target to be confirmed.2 that is acceptable to the people using it. |
Flooding & climate induced disaster | Together with our business partners, co-develop and Facilities include flooding within their environmental execute a programme that contributes to the reduction strategy, aimed at identifying and mitigating flood- of local flooding risks (including other extreme climate related risks within their site premises. events) within flood impacted regions. |
1) Based on the definition of shared water challenge in the AWS Water Stewardship Standard: a water-related issue, concern or threat shared by the site and one or more stakeholders within the catchment(s). Examples include physical water scarcity, deteriorating water quality and regulatory restrictions on water allocation. | | 2) Actual target will be set after analysing the supply chain performance with 2022 Higg Facility Social and Labour Module (FSLM) data.

Water
— 90% of supplier factories with on-site effluent — We were one of the first businesses to commit
Key water performance data
treatment plant (ETP) functionality assessments to the World Business Council for Sustainable
2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL
achieved green grade — missing our goal of 100% Development (WBCSD)’s Wastewater Zero
— and 98% had discharge water quality that is commitment to eliminate wastewater pollution Reduction of production water usage compared to
–6% –4% –14% –21% –25%
ZDHC wastewater compliant. to improve biodiversity, mitigate and adapt to 2017 baseline (l/kg, l/pc, l/m) – see bar chart below1
climate change and enhance water security.
ETP functionality assessments achieving green
— We updated our Sustainability Index to take 91% 95% 88% 90% 100%
grade2
account of absolute freshwater reduction and — We started a new collaboration in Bangladesh
water efficiency in line with our new targets to with Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS). ETP discharged water quality that is ZDHC
93% 96% 98% 98% 100%
better reward the performance of our business Together with other brands, we will equip wastewater compliant (Foundation Level)
partners. suppliers and their stakeholders with the
15%
knowledge, skills and networks they need to Water recycled out of total production water
13% 18% 21% 21% (Exceeded
— We set new process-specific benchmarks for better understand their own water use and consumption
early)
different textile processes and materials so that impacts, and how to work together to solve
suppliers can compare water usage for specific shared water challenges. 1) Includes a total of 440 manufacturing, fabric dyeing and printing fabric, litre per metre of woven/denim fabric, and litre per unit of
suppliers in both tier 1 and tier 2 with water-intensive wet production, product washed. 2021 data restated as -14% for the full year — in last
methods with best-in-class performance. based on Q1-Q3 2022 performance data, reported by factory and year’s report we stated -10.3% based on Q1 to Q3 2021.
calculated using weighted averages for litre per kg of dyed knitted 2) Based on Annual Water Quality Survey 2022 for 320 facilities with onLearnings site ETP and zero liquid discharge. Data reported in Dec 2022.
— The H&M Group and WWF partnership
Change in relative production water efficiency
supported WWF’s 2022 series on Apparel & — To improve effluent treatment plant (ETP)
Textile clusters to encourage the fashion industry functionality, we will engage third-party
to move beyond owned operations and think companies for ETP assessments in India,
104 46%
holistically about water issues. Eau Courant: Water Bangladesh and Turkey, raise our minimum
Litre per kg dyed fabric (l/kg)
Stewardship in Apparel & Textiles discusses requirement level to green grading, and add more
Litre per metre of fabric (l/m)
water impacts and dependencies throughout the requirements to our foundational compliance level Litre per unit of product (l/pc)
value chain, while Avant-Garde: Water risks and on wastewater quality. 77 78 Water consumption share
opportunities unpacks how water risks affect
apparel and textile clusters. — Feedback on our Water Strategy 2030
highlighted the difficulty of obtaining accurate 45% 8%
— In Bangladesh, we started a pilot with WaterAid and comparable data to track performance. We’re
Sweden to assess the current WASH (water, focusing on developing data systems to help
23 24
sanitation, and hygiene) performance in our supply suppliers align with our 2030 water ambitions. 19 17 17 18
chain and develop an action framework for our
WASH ambition at the facility and community
level.
2017 2022 2022 2017 2022 2022 2017 2022 2022
TARGET TARGET TARGET
P.36 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 36]
Key water performance data 2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL | |
----------------------------------------
| 2022 |
Reduction of production water usage compared to –6% –4% –14% 2017 baseline (l/kg, l/pc, l/m) – see bar chart below1 | –21% | –25%
ETP functionality assessments achieving green 91% 95% 88% grade2 | 90% | 100%
ETP discharged water quality that is ZDHC 93% 96% 98% wastewater compliant (Foundation Level) | 98% | 100%
Water recycled out of total production water 13% 18% 21% consumption | 21% | 15% (Exceeded early)

[Table 2 — Page 36]
|
----------------------------------------
|

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE
Water
— The fashion industry is still centred on water — We will continue to closely observe the
efficiency rather than water reduction, which is development of Science Based Targets on
not enough to undo the crossing of the freshwater freshwater. We provided feedback during the
planetary boundary. Broader engagement within development process and urged the SBTN to
the sector is needed to provide a more cohesive formulate guidance focused on apparel and textile
approach to water action. This includes water production.
stewardship action at the basin level which is
inclusive and scalable, as well as better metrics — To ensure greater comparability and to
and tools to measure water impact. drive progress, we would like to convert our
process-specific benchmarks for different textile
Future focus processes into an industry standard — we will
explore potential collaborations to achieve this.
— As part of our new strategy, we are refining
our water efficiency programme to focus on — We would like to collaborate more to better
process-related benchmarks, enabling suppliers understand the water-related risks and responses
to gauge progress and prioritise action. We will for producing raw materials such as cotton.
also co-develop programmes with suppliers to
strengthen local water governance.
— With Support from WaterAid Sweden, we
have analysed the current WASH indicators
in FSLM and identified the gaps and areas for
improvement.
P.37 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Chemicals — We are supporting and helping to shape the Learnings
methodology of the aspirational level of ZDHC’s
new Chemicals to Zero framework. This will — We are exploring synergies between chemicals
enable the industry to choose chemicals that are management and other impact areas such as
safer and more resource efficient. water, energy, raw materials and biodiversity.
This year we began investigating opportunities to
Progressive chemical management is essential Progress — We continued substitution projects that reduce chemical use by mapping best practices,
to circular business models and reducing our go beyond legislation, including using safer such as process chemicals recovery. We learnt
products’ impacts on climate and nature. Our — We were one of eight brands awarded alternatives to potassium permanganate (used that there is a lack of reliable baseline data for the
Chemical Management Roadmap commits us to “aspirational level” during the annual assessment to distress denim) for 100% of denim products quantity of chemicals in our value chain.
safe and traceable chemicals in our value chain of ZDHC’s Brands to Zero leader programme. (79% in 2021), with the goal to achieve 100% by
through strategic collaborations with AFIRM 2023. We increased our scope to substitute more — There is work to be done in our industry to
(Apparel and Footwear International Restricted – 619 of our suppliers2 (99%) are enrolled high-priority endocrine-disrupting chemicals — make production processes more resource
Substance List Management Group), ZDHC (Zero in the ZDHC programme, achieving MRSL substances that interfere with hormone systems. efficient in terms of chemical use. We continued
Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals) and ChemSec compliance of 97% for chemical input (95% in our work to investigate ways to optimise
Business Group. 2021)3 and 99.96% for wastewater (99.9% in — We scaled the use of Screened Chemistry production processes in Bangladesh, India and
2021).4 We work closely with enrolled suppliers throughout our supply chain, achieving 3% use at Pakistan.
Our Chemical Restrictions include the AFIRM to increase use of chemicals from ZDHC the end of 2022. We continue to push for more
Restricted Substances List and the ZDHC Gateway — an online industry database of avenues for chemical hazard assessment together Future focus
Manufacturing Restricted Substances List 2.0 ZDHC MRSL-compliant chemicals. In 2022, with others in our industry — focusing on denim,
(MRSL), and commit us to phasing out additional 88% of chemicals used were assured via where there is greater availability of Screened — We intend to set a goal for reducing the
potentially harmful substances. We require our ZDHC Gateway. We are working together with Chemistry. quantity of chemicals used in our supply chain.
textile and leather suppliers to implement the ZDHC and the industry to bring the remaining The first step is to review our current data and set
ZDHC Wastewater Guidelines and Chemical chemicals into ZDHC Gateway — this has — We began an industry collaboration to establish a baseline.
Management System. proved to be challenging due to supply chain a common MRSL for hardline products, such as
segmentation in various regions. furniture and decorative items, to restrict use of — We will continue to advocate for global
To ensure we choose safe chemical substitutions, hazardous chemicals in these supply chains. harmonisation of chemical hazard classification
we use third-party hazard-assessed chemicals – Supporting capacity building of our supply and improved information requirements on
such as Screened Chemistry certified1 chemicals chain chemical management systems, 237 — Together with ChemSec and peers, we sent a chemical content to enable safe chemical
where possible. Transparent information about suppliers are enrolled in ZDHC’s Supplier joint letter to the EU commission about chemical substitution.
chemical content is a prerequisite for conducting to Zero programme and 136 suppliers have transparency, which led to a meeting with the
hazard assessments, and we believe that chemical undergone ZDHC Chemical Management EU Commissioner for the Environment Virginijus
regulations should incentivise this level of System Technical Industry Guide training. Sinkevicˇius about how to incentivise chemical
information. suppliers to share full information on chemical
content.
2) Scope covers wet processing units or heavy chemical use units in our
textile and leather supply chain.
3) Compliance tracked using the third-party tools BVE3, CleanChain and
Bhive.
1) Certified by ToxServices and Scivera. 4) Collective raw data from API transfer from ZDHC Gateway database.
P.38 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

RESOURCE USE & CIRCULAR IMPACT
Transition to circular economy requires systemic changes
An interview with Laura Balmond, Fashion Lead at the Ellen MacArthur Foundation about how we’re doing and what we can do better
How is H&M Group helping to drive What do you see as the biggest challenges Similarly, customer incentives are largely
transformation of the fashion industry? facing the industry when it comes to moving designed around linear sales growth. If indicators
Firstly, by its ambition level. H&M Group was to a circular business model? and incentives are left unchanged, even when
one of the first organisations to set an ambitious The entire system needs to transform. Firstly, circular business models are put in place, they
vision for a change towards a circular economy. supply chains are optimised for one-way delivery might not reduce production and resource use,
This has set a clear direction of travel for the of items. Making the economics of circular or achieve the related positive environmental
organisation. It has also built an investment business models work will require economic outcomes.
pipeline for innovation that is well respected by ways to collect, sort and circulate items between
other peers in the industry, and a circular design users. Initially, there will need to be investment in Can we do more together to speed up the
tool that can increase product lifespans and setting up a supply network to enable this. transition to a circular economy?
improve recyclability. Absolutely, and collaboration is key. No one
Linked to this, legislation and regulations need organisation can fundamentally change the
It has also trialled a wide range of circular to keep up with the changing environment. For system alone. Finding ways for ambitious
economy solutions, from sourcing materials from example, regulations on the classification and collaboration and engaging all actors in the value
recycled content, to exploring business models movement of ‘waste’ can prevent movement chain on the biggest challenges to progress will
such as rental, repair and customisation. The of used items and make scaling across borders speed up the transition to a circular economy.
Jeans Redesign, an EMF initiative, led to multiple difficult.
H&M Group brands demonstrating that it is Circular economy is now firmly on the agenda
possible to design desirable products in line with Businesses will also have to redefine how they within the fashion industry, yet the transition will
circular economy principles. measure success, as performance metrics are take time as well as investment in infrastructure
based on the linear model. Once an organisation and innovation. Concerted and ambitious action
aligns its business strategy and performance towards our vision of a circular economy for
indicators with the outcomes of a circular fashion is needed by both businesses as well as
economy, delivering on these will become easier. policymakers.
P.39 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Moving to a circular ecosystem
A circular fashion ecosystem
We focus on integrating circularity across our entire ecosystem by building on the synergies and
interconnections of all parts of our value chain.
We’re committed to using resources responsibly We’re working to continually make progress
— to reduce our environmental impact and towards this vision by investing in and scaling
protect natural systems, and to support more circular systems across our business. We R
NEYS
C
interconnected human rights such as land rights, focus on three interconnected areas: O
U IR
C
J U
livelihoods, and access to water. Shifting to a R L
E A
circular ecosystem is the key to decoupling our — Circular products: Creating products that are M R
O
business growth from resource use. There is still made to last from safe, recycled, regenerative or T P
R
S ASSORTMENT
a a n lo d n o g u w r p a e y e to rs g — o o a n n d th w is e j o re u c rn o e g y n i — se f t o h r e H n & e M ed G f r o o r u p c o i t r h c e u r l a m te o r m e u s l u ti s p t l a e i n ti a m b e ly s . sourced materials that can C U ACCESS PLANNING O D
DESIGN & U
systemic change across the fashion industry and R PRODUCT C
our business. — Circular supply chains: Building scalable A DEVELOPMENT T
L S
systems that circulate products and materials for U
C
To guide our approach, we align with the Ellen repair, reuse and recycling and use lower-impact R USE & CARE
I
MacArthur Foundation (EMF) definition of the production processes— such as dyeing, printing C
circular economy, which focuses on three key and finishing.
REPAIR &
principles: REMAKE
— Circular customer journeys: Providing
— Eliminate waste and pollution convenient ways to engage in circular fashion
COLLECT RAW
where products are used more before being & SORT MATERIALS
— Circulate products and materials (at their repaired, reused and recycled.
highest value)
— Regenerate nature
We also support and aspire to the EMF vision for
RECYCLE PRODUCTION
a circular fashion industry, where products are
d
ag
e
a
si
i
g
n,
n
a
e
n
d
d
t o
m
b
a
e
d e
u s
fr
e
o
d
m
m
s
o
a
r
f
e
e
,
a
m
n
a
d
d
r
e
e c
to
y c
b
l
e
e d
m
o
a
r
d e C IR
C ULAR
SUPPLY
C H
AI N S
renewable inputs.
P.40 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

CIRCULAR PRODUCTS from business units and each brand along with — We are working to increase our pattern
a network of trainers to boost engagement and efficiency by supporting product teams to
ensure local ownership. In addition, all designers share their methods and improve practices.
Design & assortment planning
and pattern makers were trained in our 3D tools. To encourage further waste reduction, we
developed an internal report to enable the whole
— We have continued to focus on designing organisation to track our progress on fabric
for product purpose, moving from subjective consumption and efficiency at Group, brand and
assessment of a product’s intended use to a department levels.
more data-driven model. We worked to raise
Together with assortment planning, design is an processes, so that our product development understanding with policymakers on the need to — To understand the longevity of our products
important first step to developing more circular teams can make informed choices and balance design for product purpose and the opportunities and prepare for forthcoming EU initiatives, we
products. It influences every phase of production, potential trade-offs. We focus on designing for within upcoming EU legislation on ecodesign ran a durability project, testing a significant
from material selection to processing, and product purpose, recognising that a product’s to optimise resource use and current technical share of our core materials and products. This
determines the potential for recyclability and use is context-dependent, which requires varying trade-offs between durability and recyclability. includes colour fastness and strength tests,
durability. It is therefore crucial for optimising resource intensity and design strategies to and investigating the longevity of products
resource use and enabling circular business fulfil its intended function and enable product — We conducted a research pilot by using the after numerous washes, beyond our minimum
models, supporting progress towards our climate recirculation. Seam app to gather data on customer use of requirements. These findings will inform the
and nature goals. garments — for which there is currently little data development of our durability strategy ahead.
Our designers are also guided by our Material available. Customers in Sweden logged the use of
We aim to design all our products for circularity1 Categorisation and our quality standards. We garments in their wardrobe over time, which could — H&M developed a quality scorecard for
by 2025. We are testing and developing tools use wash tests (minimum five washes) to capture inform our product purpose categorisation. selected garment groups in its menswear
and methods to enable this, including our circular and review any significant changes for all our collection. The scorecard sets requirements on
product development tool and guide, Circulator, products, along with colour fastness and strength — To enable understanding and comparison of aspects such as number of washes a garment
which guides our commercial product teams tests — such as tear strength, tensile strength, the circular potential of different fabrics early in can withstand and other quality aspects. The
and supports the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s abrasion, and seam slippage. product development, we developed an internal accompanying product quality dashboard
(EMF) Vision for a circular economy for fashion. tool to complement Circulator. uses a range of data sources to determine
Our rapid journey towards circular design and Progress factors impacting quality, and is supported by
the evolving industry landscape has led to many — We are working with industry peers including supplier training to share H&M’s ambitions and
learnings and challenges, and we remain focused — We have further tested and developed ASOS, BESTSELLER and Zalando in the Circular expectations.
on accessing and improving the circular potential Circulator. The latest version adds production Design Consortium. Initial priorities were to
of our products towards 2025 and beyond — read processes and trims to the frameworks — align approaches and agree terminology. — Our brands launched collections designed to
more on page 42. including prints, dyeing, buttons and zips — with Now we will expand the scope of work to be more circular:
more being added continually. drive further impact and scale. Our work with
Circulator makes predictive assessments on external reviewers, such as the Ellen MacArthur – H&M’s Let’s Make Better Denim collection
aspects such as durability, recyclability, and — We developed Circulator Academy — an Foundation and Circular.Fashion, supports the and Monki’s first denim collection designed for
the environmental footprint of materials and internal training programme introducing the quality of our circular design work. circularity were released, both following EMF’s
circular economy and guidance on circular Jeans Redesign guidelines. Weekday is scaling
design. We established a forum with ambassadors use of the guidelines across its assortment,
1) In accordance with our Circulator tool.
P.41 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE
Design & assortment planning
including approximately 40% of its SS23 — To fully integrate circular design principles, we
denim. need to develop new KPIs and metrics not wholly
based on financial performance.
– & Other Stories launched its first capsule
collection exploring design for circularity, — A key challenge is the current lack of industry
Monki launched a black dresses collection, definitions on circular design. Industrywide
and H&M launched its Cherish Waste and collaboration and knowledge exchange is crucial
Metaverse collections — all designed using to develop a shared understanding of circular
Circulator. design principles, together with policymakers.
– H&M launched a collection for newborns, — Creating garments from mono rather than
which achieved Cradle2Cradle Gold blended materials increases their recyclability
certification. The garments and accessories but presents some challenges. For example,
are designed for a long life, with adjustable cellulosic threads have limited strength and longer
‘room to grow’ features. production times. We are learning about and
adapting to these challenges with continuous
Learnings innovation and collaboration with sorters,
recyclers and suppliers.
— There are challenges with securing earlystage data that enables Circulator’s predictive Future focus
assessment, and we are exploring how to update
our way of working to address this. — We will continue to test, develop and onboard
further teams to our circularity-aligned tools to
— Integrating circular design at scale is a long use for all commercial product types — beyond
process that requires a mindset shift to design our garments. We will increase the proportion of
for product purpose and consider the entire products designed using Circulator, continuously
product journey when developing products. It improving the tool and circularity of our products
entails cross-functional collaboration from many as we learn, as data improves and as industry
different stakeholder groups. Integration also definitions become more established.
requires a strong understanding of the value of
circular design for transitioning to a more circular — Industrywide collaboration will continue to
business and reaching our goals on climate accelerate our progress.
and nature.
P.42 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

& NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
Assortment planning for different garment sizes, and we have
begun development towards scaling.
Accurate planning and quantification of our
product assortments is a central enabler — We started a scaled roll-out of our 3D
for reducing our environmental impact and visual assortment planning tool, while
transforming to a more circular business. By further expanding and optimising the tool by
using data and 3D tools, we can better curate enhancing data management, automations,
our assortment, match supply to demand, processes and standards.
reduce the need for physical samples, and
accelerate development time. In 2022: — We began piloting a programme that would
enable our customers to give early feedback
— We expanded the use of AI in our supply on design, and another designed to automate
chain, enabling us to increase data accuracy buying on long-lasting products.
and precision, leading to reduced stock and
production volumes. — Our brands tested on-demand business
models, for example Monki launched its digital
– We continued to roll out Movebox, our print-on-demand shop and H&M produced its
AI tool that facilitates the redistribution first on-demand customisable puffer jacket.
of products to locations where there is
demand. Initial learnings from on-demand offerings
include the need for change in customer
– We continued to roll out our AI models behaviour — as many are used to the
for Pre-Season Demand & Supply Planning. convenience of a pre-designed product over
As part of the Assortment Quantification customised models — and the need for testing
(ASQ) initiative, we launched a machine and scaling different infrastructure in localised
learning model that predicts the rate of production units. Our innovation and AI teams
return for online orders based on article will continue to support our increased focus on
attributes, replacing the traditional logic demand-driven planning and stock productivity.
of predicting returns by department. We
have used initial learnings from the model Read more about how we are working to
to improve precision on our buying levels improve resource efficiency and enabling
products to be loved for longer.

Recycled
Other more
sustainably sourced
CIRCULAR PRODUCTS
% recycled or other more 84%
80%
sustainably sourced materials1,2,3 23%
Material choice 18%
65%
Goals Recycled
By 2025: 30% recycled 57% 6%
Other more
By 2030: 100% recycled or more sustainably sourced 2%
sustainably sourced
84%
80%
Our industry is heavily reliant on materials. third-party life cycle assessments (LCAs) where
23%
That’s why choosing, creating demand for, and relevant. We’re working to increase traceability 18% 55% 59% 62% 61%
innovating materials with lower negative impact across all our key materials. 1) Based on season 5 and season 6 data for 2022. Includes all shell materials 65%
— does not include materials used as filling, lining or trims on garments.
— alongside reducing overall resource use and 2) Not all more sustainably sourced materials can be naturally grow 5 n 7 or % 6%
cultivated, i.e. minerals or stones. In these instances, we set up ma2te%rialdecoupling it from business growth — are key to To meet our ambitions for a circular, regenerative specific requirements to secure more sustainable sourcing.
3) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points.
our strategy. fashion future, we invest in, develop and scale The limited assurance process included all cotton and synthetics data,
including our top three recycled materials (cotton, polyester, polyamide). 2019 2020 2021 2022
new materials, regenerative practices, recycling
All material choices have an impact on climate, innovations, technology and infrastructure. 55% 59% 62% 61%
nature and people, whether they are natural We achieve this by partnering with industry Our materials vision — Recycled: prioritise post-consumer closedfibres like wool and cotton, or synthetic materials experts and innovators including winners of H&M loop recycled materials that have the potential
such as polyester or polyamide. Choosing the Foundation’s Global Change Award — alongside Working with materials is an ongoing process to be reused and recycled again.
right materials for our products and packaging our brands, our Circular Innovation Lab and our requiring a progressive approach. Materials
2019 2020 2021 2022
can accelerate our climate and circularity goals H&M CO:LAB investment arm. need to be evaluated regularly to make sure — Regenerative: use key virgin raw materials
and is integral to securing responsible, traceable we consider the latest science, best practices, produced using regenerative agricultural
and transparent supply chains. Our long-term Progress: overall and knowledge — and to respond to shifting practices that help improve soil health, and
materials vision (see box) sets an ambition and materials markets caused by global events, enhance livelihoods and ecosystems.
direction towards recycled, regenerative and — We achieved 84% recycled or other more societal and environmental change. In line with
responsible materials. sustainably sourced materials, compared to 80% this, we have defined our long-term materials — Responsible: source materials with
in 2021. This progress towards our 100% goal is vision to move towards a resilient and the overall aim to reduce environmental
Our aim is for 100% of our materials to be either largely due to an increase in the use of recycled circular materials sector that stays within impact, respect human rights and protect
recycled or sourced in a more sustainable way materials such as cotton and polyester. planetary boundaries, enhances livelihoods animal welfare. This is the foundation of
by 2030, including 30% recycled materials by and thrives on innovations. all our sourcing decisions. Our approach
2025. Read more about how we define more — We continued or launched several projects to to responsible sourcing takes account of
sustainably sourced for different materials in our help scale regenerative sources of different fibres Our vision ahead is built on three pillars: Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Material Categorisation, Responsible Raw Material — read more in the Biodiversity section. recycled, regenerative and responsible. Development (OECD) guidance and the UN
Sourcing Policy and Animal Welfare Policy. Guiding Principles on Business and Human
— The Textile Exchange 2021 Material Change Rights, and will support our alignment with
Our material choices are guided by our policies Insights Report identified H&M Group as one of 47 evolving regulations on human rights and the
and strategies, by guidance from the Sustainable overall leaders, one of 17 SDG leaders, and one of environment.
Apparel Coalition and Textile Exchange, and by 16 circularity leaders (of 292 companies analysed).
P.43 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 43]

----------------------------------------
61%

[Table 2 — Page 43]

----------------------------------------
62%

[Table 3 — Page 43]

----------------------------------------
59%

[Table 4 — Page 43]

----------------------------------------
55%

Material choice
Progress: cotton
Our materials basket1 % of total cotton that is
— In 2022, we continued sourcing 100% more recycled, organic, or other more
Our 2022 share of polyester was slightly higher than in 2021 due to an increase
sustainably sourced cotton (recycled, organic sustainably sourced3,4
in use of recycled polyester. Our share of wood and man-made cellulosic fibres
and other more sustainably sourced cotton).3 This
decreased slightly. Other figures remain relatively stable compared to 2021.
includes a 4% increase in both recycled cotton and
other more sustainably sourced cotton, and an Recycled cotton
Cotton equivalent decrease in our use of organic cotton. Organic cotton
Other sustainably sourced cotton
61% — We developed a long-term vision and 2030
roadmap for cotton, aligned with our overall 97% 100% 100% 100%
material vision. Our focus areas are scaling 2% 7% 11.0%
0.6%
recycled and regenerative cotton, ongoing
investment in innovations to increase the 16% 20%
fibre length, quality and durability of recycled 22% 14%
cotton, testing and scaling cotton alternatives,
supporting livelihoods and gender equality in
cotton communities, and increasing traceability.
To support scaling of regenerative crops
and increase the volumes we can source, we
80% 78% 71% 75%
partnered on several regenerative cotton projects
(see table on page 33).
— To accelerate transition to organic
production, we continued to expand our use of
9%
21% “in-conversion” cotton.
2019 2020 2021 2022
Other
materials2 3% Polyester Goal
5%
Continue sourcing 100% recycled, organic or
other sustainably sourced cotton.
Wood and
0.1% 0.9%
man-made
Leather Wool Polyamide cellulosic fibres
3) Other more sustainably sourced cotton includes cotton sourced 4) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points.
1) Based on season 5 and season 6 data for 2022. Includes all shell materials — does not include materials used as filling, lining or trims on garments. through the Better Cotton Initiative (BCI), in-conversion organic cotton, The limited assurance process included all cotton and synthetics data,
2) Includes materials such as acrylic, linen, jute, elastane and metals. regenerative cotton, and cotton from other innovative sources. including our top three recycled materials (cotton, polyester, polyamide).
P.44 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 44]
16%
----------------------------------------
80%

[Table 2 — Page 44]
20%
----------------------------------------
78%

[Table 3 — Page 44]

----------------------------------------
22%
71%

[Table 4 — Page 44]

----------------------------------------
14%
75%

Material choice
— In 2022, our sourcing of BCI cotton contributed Indian varieties of cotton for yield and quality textile-to-textile recycled feedstock and — We scaled use of innovative MMCF:
to:1 to optimise future outputs and is also collecting increasing recycling infrastructure. Our new
lifecycle analysis data for comparison with roadmap supports our goals and commitments: – Our Circular Innovation Lab and ARKET
– 31 billion gallons of water being saved.2 conventional cotton. In 2023, the farm will run produced a capsule collection with
R&D on circular closed-loop systems to collect – By end of 2025, we aim to only source SPINNOVA — made with an innovative natural
– 74,500 kilograms of pesticides being and reuse excess resources such as material, MMCF from FSC-certified sources, or fibre produced in Finland from certified wood.
avoided. nutrients, water, and production equipment. replace them with next-generation fibres Creating the fibre involves minimal water use
from sources such as agricultural residues and GHG emissions and results in zero waste.
– USD 57 million additional profit for farmers. Progress: synthetic materials and pre- and post-consumer textiles. This Used as an alternative to cotton, SPINNOVA®
supplements our requirement that MMCF fibres have the potential to be recycled
— H&M Group’s support for projects with the — We’re committed to phasing out virgin producers must be verified as low risk by the repeatedly without loss of quality.
Organic Cotton Accelerator and other organic polyester as we work towards our goal to source CanopyStyle audit. Since 2020 we have only
cotton initiatives in India during the 2021-2022 100% recycled polyester by 2025. In 2022, sourced viscose from suppliers ranked green – H&M Group and H&M CO:LAB continued
crop season resulted in: 74% of our polyester was from recycled sources, in the Canopy Hot Button Report. to support Renewcell to scale production of
which have a significantly lower GHG emissions Circulose — an MMCF made from recycled
– 13,410 farmers involved in organic cotton footprint than conventional sources. We are – By end of 2025, source viscose in line with cotton waste. H&M CO:LAB also supported
projects. working to increasingly move towards textile-to- our commitment to the Changing Markets Infinited Fiber Company to scale InfinnaTM
textile recycled polyester. roadmap. — an MMCF from regenerated cotton waste
– USD 1.73 million in premiums received by — through the building of the company’s
farmers, supporting investment in organic — We began scaling our use of textile-to-textile – By the end of 2025, all wood and wood- first commercial plant in Finland. We tested
farming. recycled polyester and plan to double it next year. based material used in our products and use of Infinna through our involvement in the
We are also exploring scalable automated sorting packaging will come from either responsibly European Union project New Cotton.3
– 100% procurement by H&M Group brands of techniques and chemical recycling to increase managed forests certified to FSC or made of
committed volumes. availability. recycled material. – Weekday made use of Södra pulp — a fully
traceable, certified wood pulp.
— We continued working with MaterraTM on a — We worked with Textile Genesis to improve the – Land rights and indigenous rights issues can
new way to grow cotton that has the potential to traceability of recycled polyester. be a concern in relation to our forest-derived – We continued to support the development
increase yields and fibre quality, while minimising fibres and products, and these goals support and testing of TreeToTextile’s fibre sourced
water and pesticide use. Our Circular Innovation our efforts to prevent or mitigate human rights from sustainably managed forests, with
Progress: wood-based & manLab worked with Materra to set up a pilot in India, violations.
made cellulosic fibres (MMCF)
with the first crop yield harvested at the end of
2022 for use by COS. The farm is testing ten — We are working with TextileGenesis to explore
— We developed a long-term vision and 2030 options for embedding traceability within MMCF
1) Figures relate to use of BCI cotton, based on comparison with farmers roadmap for MMCF. It focuses on scaling our supply chains.
using conventional practices in the same location. 3) The New Cotton project has received funding from the European
2) Water savings relate to blue water use (irrigation). This relates to farmer use of next generation feedstock, prioritising Union’s Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation Programme under grant
inputs, and no other forms of water use. agreement no. 101000559.
P.45 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Material choice
predicted reductions in energy, and chemical — We partnered on two regenerative wool
Recycled and more sustainable material sourcing2,3,4
use compared to conventional viscose.1 projects (see table on page 33) as we are exploring
the potential to scale regenerative practices in
2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL
– H&M HOME started making bed linen from wool production.
LenzingTM Ecovero and Eastman NaiaTM — Materials from recycled
traceable bio-based cellulosic fibre, sourced Progress: leather sources, as a percentage of 2% 6% 18% 23% 30% by 2025
all materials2
from responsibly managed and certified pine
and eucalyptus forests and plantations. — We developed a long-term vision and 2030
roadmap for leather, with a focus on increasing Recycled polyester as a
8% 21% 64% 74% 100% by 2025
percentage of all polyester
Progress: wool, cashmere, traceability and working to make the leather
supply chain more responsible — from the
down, mohair & other animal
tannery level all the way upstream to the farms. Responsible Wool Standard- 100% RWS certified, or from
fibres certified (RWS) wool as a 12% 12% 44% 57% recycled or regenerated
percentage of all wool sources by 2025
— 75% (51% in 2021) of all leather products were
— 57% (44% in 2021) of our wool was Responsible produced with chrome-free tanned leather,
Wool Standard (RWS) compliant — marking including vegetable-tanned leather and metal- Good Cashmere Standard- 100% GCS certified, or from
progress towards our 2025 goal to only source free leather. Our 2025 goal is for all our virgin certified (GCS) cashmere as a N/A3 13% 95% 99% recycled or regenerated
virgin wool from RWS-certified farms. leather to be chrome-free. percentage of all cashmere sources by 2025
— 99% (95% in 2021) of our cashmere was Good — We joined the Leather Working Group (LWG) Responsible Mohair
Cashmere Standard (GCS) compliant — close traceability task force and tested the LWG’s Standard-certified mohair as N/A4 100% 100% 100% Maintain 100%
to meeting our 2025 goal to source all virgin new social assessment tools to identify risks a percentage of all mohair
cashmere from GCS-certified farms. connected to the leather supply chain. 100% of
our tanneries in Asia comply with Leather Working Responsible Down Standard-
— 100% (100% in 2021) of our mohair was Group environmental best practice guidelines. certified down as a 100% 100% 100% 100% Maintain 100%
Responsible Mohair Standard (RMS) compliant percentage of all down
— upholding our commitment to only buy from — We are one of a few brands that financially
RMS-certified farms. supports a three-year pilot project through the Chrome-free, animal-based
Textile Exchange’s Leather Impact Accelerator leather as a percentage of all 40% 44% 51% 75% 100% by 2025
— 100% (100% in 2021) of our virgin down was (LIA) programme. The aim of the pilot is to trial leather
Responsible Down Standard (RDS) compliant — “impact incentives” in the leather supply chain
2) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points. 3) Standard adopted in 2020.
maintaining our requirement of only sourcing of Brazil, by recognising and rewarding cattle
The limited assurance process included all cotton and synthetics data, 4) We stopped sourcing mohair in mid-2018 due to PETA revealing
from RDS-certified farms since 2016. farmers with better practices in place — focusing including our top three recycled materials (cotton, polyester, polyamide). systematic animal abuse in May 2018. The Textile Exchange launched
the Responsible Mohair Standard in 2020, at which point we began
on deforestation- and conversion-free (DCF) sourcing mohair certified to this standard.
1) Supporting assessment data available at https://treetotextile.com/ leather, as well as animal welfare at farm level.
sustainability.
P.46 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 46]
Recycled and more sustainable material sourcing2,3,4 2019 2020 2021 2022 GOAL | | |
----------------------------------------
| | 2022 |
Materials from recycled sources, as a percentage of 2% 6% 18% all materials2 | | 23% | 30% by 2025
Recycled polyester as a 8% 21% 64% percentage of all polyester | | 74% | 100% by 2025
Responsible Wool Standard- certified (RWS) wool as a 12% 12% 44% percentage of all wool | | 57% | 100% RWS certified, or from recycled or regenerated sources by 2025
Good Cashmere Standard- certified (GCS) cashmere as a N/A3 13% 95% percentage of all cashmere | | 99% | 100% GCS certified, or from recycled or regenerated sources by 2025
Responsible Mohair Standard-certified mohair as N/A4 100% 100% a percentage of all mohair | | 100% | Maintain 100%
Responsible Down Standard- certified down as a 100% 100% 100% percentage of all down | | 100% | Maintain 100%
Chrome-free, animal-based leather as a percentage of all 40% 44% 51% leather | | 75% | 100% by 2025
2) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to these data points. The limited assurance process included all cotton and synthetics data, including our top three recycled materials (cotton, polyester, polyamide). | 3) Standard adopted in 2020. 4) We stopped sourcing mohair in mid-2018 due to PETA revealing systematic animal abuse in May 2018. The Textile Exchange launched the Responsible Mohair Standard in 2020, at which point we began sourcing mohair certified to this standard. | |

Material choice
— We participated in LIA’s social working group supplier will use their own and other companies’ — H&M CO:LAB supported new products — Our work with regenerative agriculture projects
to develop a benchmark standard for responsible production waste as feedstock for the process. launched with AmbercycleTM (recycled textiles) shows the potential for impact, but significant
leather supply processing from slaughterhouses Read more about how we recirculate production and Sheertex (‘unbreakable’ hosiery), and made a investment is needed develop regenerative
to tanneries, with a focus on decent work and waste. first investment in Fairbrics — which uses a novel practices at scale.
forced labour. process to create the components of polyester
— Our brands produced several collections made from waste CO . — Many standard holders and certification
— To improve traceability in our leather supply from recycled materials. For example, H&M now bodies are updating or developing approaches to
chain we started mapping suppliers by testing a uses recycled sequins. & Other Stories used — Our Circular Innovation Lab worked on proof- strengthen human rights due diligence at the raw
digital platform and physical tracer. We began by recycled mulberry silk made from cutting waste of-concept projects with Keel Labs, following material level, to align with international guidelines
tracking data from slaughterhouse level and will in production for a capsule collection, as well as investment from H&M CO:LAB. and evolving regulation. This will require new ways
then go back to farm level, with the aim of scaling recycled sterling silver collected from household of working and increased collaboration across the
up this process across our leather supply chain. waste in Denmark through urban mining — a Learnings sector.
process of recovering precious metals from
— We continued testing the use of bio-based discarded waste and turning them into new items. — There is a need for better and more accurate Future focus
leather alternatives. For example, H&M worked environmental impact data in the industry. We
with our Circular Innovation Lab to use plant- — Our brands tested and scaled innovative have reached out to our material suppliers to — We will continue to prioritise and scale recycled
based Mirum from Natural Fiber Welding in a new materials, including: encourage them to share their data directly materials, by investing in developing closed-loop
collection. with initiatives such as the Sustainable Apparel recycling feedstock capacity and through our
– Newlight AirCarbon: Carbon-capturing Coalition’s Materials Sustainability Index. public affairs work to advocate for a favourable
biomaterial made by natural microorganisms legislative environment.
Progress: other recycled &
found in the ocean, used by H&M. — Traceability is essential to be able to measure
innovative materials
real impact, steer and track sourcing, and — Improving the collection and quality of impact
– Bananatex: A durable technical fabric made mitigate risks — read more about our progress on data resulting from our sourcing practices is an
— 23% (18% in 2021) of our materials were from from banana plants, used by COS. traceability. ongoing focus.
recycled sources, in support of our 2025 goal that
30% of our total materials will be from recycled – Kapok: A cotton-like fibre from the fruit of — Systemic shifts at industry level are key — We will develop a plan for scaling regenerative
sources. the Kapok tree, used by ARKET. to scaling recycled materials. Innovation in agricultural practices for key materials.
recycled fibres has expanded rapidly across all
— To demonstrate the potential for recycling – Resortecs Smart StitchTM: Dissolvable sewing fibre groups, but commercial scale-up remains — We will continue to engage with standards
blended fibres, one of our Indonesian suppliers thread, used by H&M. slow due to technology and financing gaps, and holders and other key partners, to identify how
piloted a Green Machine, owned by Hong Kong sometimes due to legislative barriers to resource best to integrate respect for human rights through
Research Institute of Textiles and Apparel – Sorona: A plant-based fibre that offers recirculation. There is also a clear need to connect material standards and collaboration.
(HKRITA). The machine separates polyester an alternative to polyester filling in padded sort and collect systems with the emerging
and cotton blended waste material to produce jackets, used by ARKET. capacity for recycling.
polyester fibres and cellulose powder. The
P.47 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

CIRCULAR PRODUCTS — We have three research projects under way
with the Hong Kong Research Institute of Textiles
and Apparel (HKRITA). These are focused on
Microfibres
understanding the levels of fibre fragmentation
for different materials during production, cleaning
microfibres from wastewater using soundwaves,
and researching the use of bacteria to degrade
microfibres in effluent treatment plants.
As textiles are washed during production or by We are developing our roadmap according to The — We partnered with Forum for the Future (FFTF)
customers, fibre fragmentation can occur and Microfibre Consortium (TMC) 2030 Commitment to support its Tackling Microfibres at Source
release tiny microfibres, including natural and — a global commitment to work towards zero research project. We also worked with FFTF
synthetic fibres. These fibres end up in waterways impact on nature from textile fibre fragmentation to deliver capacity-building workshops with
and pollute habitats. An increasing focus on by 2030. our suppliers — primarily fabric manufacturers
microfibre pollution is highlighting the problem — exploring challenges and solutions for fibre
and we are taking action to find solutions. Progress fragmentation.
We’re developing a groupwide Microfibres — We joined the TMC advisory board and are — ARKET and H&M continue to promote and sell
Roadmap to formalise our current approach, exploring how we can best implement the laundry bags to help customers reduce microfibre
which includes: TMC commitment. So far, we have contributed shedding during laundry.
with fabric-level testing, using the test method
— Choose and design yarns and fabrics that developed by TMC. Learnings
minimise microfibre shedding.
— To help shape draft legislation, we developed — Uncertainties related to microfibres —
— Research new production processes and a position paper on microfibres, highlighting the including a lack of science-based methodology
requirements to minimise shedding. importance of a holistic approach that is both to measure shedding — highlight the need
science-based and collaborative. The paper for collaborative efforts. For example, further
— Offer microplastic-reducing laundry bags stresses the need for legislation to cover all research is required to understand the impacts
to customers and support the development of relevant stages of the product life cycle, support of different environments and materials on fibre
laundry machine filter systems. and recognise ongoing industry research, and fragmentation, as well as the impact of chemicals.
take a step-by-step risk-based approach based on
— Improve technologies that enable reuse and common methodology. We also used the position Future focus
recycling. paper to advocate for a full impact assessment
of potential policy measures to ensure effective — We will continue to collaborate on research and
regulation, and to highlight the importance set a vision and direction for our work to reduce
of addressing the issue in a collaborative and fibre fragmentation, developing our roadmap in
harmonised manner worldwide. line with TMC 2030 Commitment.
P.48 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

CIRCULAR SUPPLY CHAIN
Resource optimisation &
recirculation
The ability to optimise and recirculate resources To optimise and circulate resources, we focus on:
again and again, maintaining quality and
maximising value while minimising waste and — Resource optimisation and recirculation
impact, is a key step towards reaching a truly in production: Valuing production waste as a
circular ecosystem. We see the offcuts generated resource and focusing on maximising value from
during production, and clothes that are no longer different waste streams to reduce impact. We are
in use or damaged, as resources. We’re working supporting our suppliers through our guidelines Beyond our products, we work to increase Based on our waste distribution hierarchy
to develop reverse supply chains that bring and instructions, and we are building systems and resource recirculation in our own operations and framework, we are also building a strategic
used products and production waste back into networks to reduce waste, optimise and circulate packaging systems, as well as scaling customer- network of recyclers to utilise the resources
circulation either as second-hand products, or to resources in our supply chain. facing circular business models to help clothes from our suppliers. We have trained our suppliers
be repurposed or recycled and diverted back into stay in use for longer. in efficient waste management and handling,
the production system as valuable feedstock. — Resource optimisation and recirculation to supply quality feedstock to our nominated
of products: We focus on optimising supply to recyclers. So far, 85 suppliers from five countries
Progress: resource optimisation
Our waste management and resource produce products according to demand, and have participated in this initiative to divert the
& recirculation in production
recirculation strategy guides our groupwide bringing used products back into circulation — waste generated from our supply chain to use it
approach to all resource flows throughout our either as second-hand, reusable materials or as a resource for our products. Approximately
own operations, supply chains and products. We through recycling. We ensure that products get — We rolled out instructions to our garment 1.4 kilotonnes of collected waste was sent to our
focus on complying with laws and regulations used at their highest resource value. If a product suppliers on our requirement for the responsible nominated recyclers in 2022.
and providing clearly defined policies, guidelines isn’t performing as planned, we prioritise selling handling, disposal, and management of
and responsibilities throughout our value chain. it within our primary sales channels. Afound production textile waste. This supports our — We participated in the Switch to Circular
This enables us to minimise waste and negative provides an additional channel to share garments suppliers to minimise and handle textile waste in Economy (SWITCH2CE) value chains initiative,
impact, and to maximise value from different with customers. Only once we’ve reviewed all the best way, and to maximise its value. funded by the European Union and the
waste streams through reduction, repair, reuse as internal uses do we find solutions via trusted Government of Finland, and led by the United
a product, reuse as material and recycling. business partners including charities and outlets. — Together with Global Change Award winner Nations Industrial Development Organization
Reverse Resources, we worked with a digital tool (UNIDO). The overall objective of SWITCH2CE is
— Giving faulty products a new life: We that enables traceability of waste generation, so to facilitate a fair and just transition to a circular
prioritise repurposing or recycling. that it can be used as a resource for our products. economy via initiatives that are environmentally
P.49 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Resource optimisation & recirculation
sustainable and improve the industry’s an 18-month collaborative project to scale Progress: faulty products
competitiveness through green innovation. recycling capacity in Europe. Recommendations
for brands include designing for recyclability and — Where a product is faulty, we prioritise reuse
— We started a partnership with Global Startup appropriate lifecycles, and prioritising mono- and recycling:
Award Winner Smartex, using its innovative AI material products.
technology to identify faults during production. – 0.64% of our total product assortment was
This helps us improve resource efficiency by — We continued investing in recycling reused, repurposed or recycled (including
avoiding unnecessary production of faulty yarn infrastructure to enable used fabrics and charity donations) due to a fault (0.66% in 2021).
and fabric. garments that cannot be reused to feed into
making new materials. – 0.05% of our total product assortment was
— COS launched the Beyond One Life capsule destroyed (prioritising incineration for energy
collection, crafted entirely from leftover fabrics — To help address the global challenge of recovery) due to failure of chemical tests,
from previous COS collections. textile waste ending up in places without reuse contamination by mould (for example, during
and recycling systems, we actively engaged in transportation), or when no viable recycling or
discussions to strengthen legislation, and increase downcycling solution was available (0.06% in
Progress: resource recirculation
scrutiny of data, reporting and follow-up. In the 2021). We never destroy products that are safe
of products
EU, we continued advocating for harmonised to reuse or recycle.
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) schemes
— We continue to focus on maximising the use and other waste policies that facilitate effective — We enhanced our internal communication
and the value of our products and to make sure collection, sorting and recycling of textile around product defects to ensure these are better
that no products that could have a new life are waste. Read more about our public affairs work. detected. This includes improving the routines
wasted.
— To accelerate collection, sorting and
Faulty products2
recirculation of post-consumer textiles and
products we have set up a new reverse supply 2019 2020 2021 2022
chain team, which focuses on building scalable
Total product assortment reused (including charity donations) or
systems where the traditional supply chain ends, 0.41% 0.36% 0.66% 0.64%
recycled due to the products being faulty
maximising product reuse, repurposing and
recycling. We also continued with the existing
Total product assortment destroyed3 0.03% 0.03% 0.06% 0.05%
garment collecting initiative in 2022, partnering
with I:CO1 to collect and sort garments.
1) In 2023 we will work with Remondis for garment collection. 3) Due to the products having failed certain chemical tests, being
2) In 2022, we revised the scope for these figures, leading to an update contaminated by mould (for example during transportation) or when
— We participated alongside other brands in of historic data for 2021 and 2020. The 2019 figures have not been there was no viable recycling or downcycling solution available. We
updated and are therefore not comparable to the figures for 2020 prioritise incineration for energy recovery where possible.
Fashion for Good’s Sorting for Circularity initiative,
onwards.
P.50 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 50]
Faulty products2 2019 2020 2021 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| | 2022
Total product assortment reused (including charity donations) or 0.41% 0.36% 0.66% recycled due to the products being faulty | | 0.64%
Total product assortment destroyed3 0.03% 0.03% 0.06% | | 0.05%
1) In 2023 we will work with Remondis for garment collection. 2) In 2022, we revised the scope for these figures, leading to an update of historic data for 2021 and 2020. The 2019 figures have not been updated and are therefore not comparable to the figures for 2020 onwards. | 3) Due to the products having failed certain chemical tests, being contaminated by mould (for example during transportation) or when there was no viable recycling or downcycling solution available. We prioritise incineration for energy recovery where possible. |

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NATURE FFAAIIRR && EEQQUUAALL
Resource optimisation & recirculation
we have in place to carefully check returns at our widespread recognition of the value of resources
distribution centres for any faults. left over from production.
Learnings — We’re seeing increasing need to accelerate
activities that enable textile-to-textile circulation
— We’re learning from our work to secure around the globe and research alternatives
reverse supply chains for resource recirculation, to current textile options. This will require us
including the need to engage even more closely to continue making investments in recycling
on emerging EU legislation to ensure policy technology, focusing on scaling up of pre- and
supports effective processes and infrastructure. post-consumer recycled materials and developing
There is complexity around waste regulations our reverse supply chains.
and infrastructure, and a need for more
EU-harmonised waste regulations. Future focus
— We need to scale services that enable reuse — We will increase our focus on securing
of products before they end up at the collecting reverse supply chains and increasing resource
bin and sorting facility. We need to keep products recirculation. We will continue to support
closer to the user for longer and at their highest investments and scale technology, infrastructure
value. and systems to sort, reuse and recycle textiles,
supported by our public affairs work.
— There is still a gap in scalable systems and
technologies for sorting and recycling, especially — In line with our holistic approach to circular and
for blended textiles. This makes the progress for climate impact we’re increasing our focus on jobs
us and the industry slower than we would have in a circular fashion industry.
wished for.
— As legislation and compliance requirements for
— Putting our Responsible Waste Management waste evolve, we will continue our dialogue with
Guidelines for production waste into practice stakeholders and ensure compliance in all markets
has shown a clear need for more localised where we operate.
recycling infrastructure. Increased investment
and innovation in waste separation and recycling
technology are required to achieve this, alongside
P.51 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

CIRCULAR SUPPLY CHAIN Apparel Coalition Higg Materials Sustainability
Index (SAC Higg MSI) supports our long-term
objective to have fully aligned industry tools for
Production processes
measuring the impact of production processes.
— We continue to invest in new washing and
dyeing innovations, supporting them to scale up,
including:
Processes such as washing, dyeing and printing Our printing roadmap sets the pathway towards – H&M CO:LAB continued to invest in Colorifix,
use energy, chemicals and water. We’re taking our aim to maximise use of processes that have a biotech company that uses microbiology to
a holistic approach to improving our materials significant savings in water, energy and chemicals produce and fix dye on textiles. The first large
processing, collaborating to reduce impact at compared to current conventional practices. Colorifix bioreactor was installed in Portugal at
scale while contributing to our environmental We’re testing and scaling new techniques the end of 2022. A number of our brands and Learnings
goals. We want to see fully aligned industry tools and technologies, alongside working with our assortments are ready to develop and place
for measuring the impact of production processes suppliers to implement change. orders. — There are no benchmarks or baselines
and scaling less impactful alternatives. for traditional textile production processes.
Progress – Dyeing and finishing company Alchemie, also Developing more accurate data for specific
We focus on five areas: receiving continued H&M CO:LAB investment, processes requires collaboration from different
— We are working with third-party consultants to set up pilots in Taiwan and Turkey to showcase stakeholders to achieve this shared goal.
— Chemicals: Reduce use, increase reuse set a methodology for collection of environmental its process to our suppliers. The first bulk
or regeneration, and use third-party hazard- impact data, set a baseline and verify data for machine for polyester will be installed in the — Current investments in the industry to date
assessed chemistry such as Screened Chemistry. conventional textile production technologies. Taiwan Region at the end of the year. have primarily been made for incremental,
This work is essential to enable comparison efficiency-focused initiatives, rather than
— Energy: Improve efficiency and reduce GHG and measurement of progress, since there – DigitalDyeing® innovator Imogo has been implementing disruptive innovative technologies
emissions. are currently no industrywide benchmarks or involved in several successful trials and that are essential to meet goals around water,
baselines. Better data will enable us to compare is working with selected suppliers within chemical and energy savings.
— People: Ensure proper use of personal and identify processes with lower negative our supply chain. One of our suppliers in
protective equipment by workers, avoiding impacts in our five focus areas and share our Bangladesh has bought a machine that will be Future focus
adverse health or safety effects. knowledge with the industry. ready early in 2023.
— We will prioritise moving away from the
— Production waste: Reduce waste and increase — We conducted a project to identify chemicals – H&M continued developing and scaling highest impact processes step-by-step, towards
recovery, reuse and recycling. substitutions with lower environmental projects with Alchemie, Colorifix and Imogo. processes that are better from an energy, water,
impacts and other opportunities for process The brand developed new partnerships with chemicals and waste perspective.
— Water: Reduce use, increase reuse and improvements. Algaeing, which produces 100% biodegradable
recycling for wastewater, reduce quantity and algae-based dyes and threads, and Recycrom, — We will continue to evaluate and test new
improve water quality. — Our participation in a member expert team which has developed a multi-purpose dye innovations, to understand their true potential as
for textile wet processes with the Sustainable made from textile waste fibres. alternatives to current production processes.
P.52 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

CIRCULAR CUSTOMER JOURNEY
Customer-facing circular business models
Scaling customer-facing circular
business models
Open loop
downcycling
Our ambition to maximise product use and to prolong the life of their garments through care Closed loop
recycling:
offer customer-facing circular business and repair initiatives.
textile-tomodels at scale helps us build a resilient,
textile
customer-focused business. We are committed — Access: We offer a range of rental and
to developing long-term, meaningful relationships reuse services through which customers can
with customers as they engage in repair, rental experience fashion while enabling products to
CARE AND
USER REUSE REPURPOSE RECYCLE
and resell services, and we will continue to scale circulate. Our ambition is to mainstream and REPAIR
infrastructure to enable used products to have increase desire for second-hand fashion.
a new life through reuse as product, material or
recycling. Reducing our resource dependency — Collect: We offer our in-store garment
by maximising product use and recirculating collecting programme worldwide to our
resources will decouple our growth from resource customers. Our aim is to ensure the collected
use. This is crucial for reducing our environmental products are sorted for the most suitable
impact and fulfilling our climate and nature goals. outcome, be that reuse as product, reuse as
These models must be firmly established in the material or recycling.
mainstream for the much-needed industrywide
Product
shift and the change in customer behaviour to We have developed a position paper sharing
occur. We are mindful that products or services our views on the potential for scaling customeraccessed via these models must replace products facing circular business models to enable
Material
sold through the traditional linear model. product use extension and prevent waste. Our
policy recommendations include: remove VAT
We focus on three areas to maximise product use: on second-hand sales, support reuse and repair Circular business models enable a product a new product, or recycled. Recycling can return
models before products become defined as to circulate many times between users or materials to the fashion ecosystem (closed loop)
— Use, care and repair: We encourage waste, incentivise access to digital product customers. A product may be repaired, reused or send them for use as resources in another
customers to explore their style and increase the data (e.g. via a Digital Product Passport), and as a product (for example via a second-hand industry (open loop).
use of their clothes, offering inspiration on how standardise environmental impact measurement purchase), reused as materials and remade into
for new and reused products.
P.53 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 53]
Customer-facing circular business models Open loop downcycling Closed loop recycling: textile-to- textile CARE AND USER REUSE REPURPOSE RECYCLE REPAIR Product Material
----------------------------------------
Circular business models enable a product a new product, or recycled. Recycling can return to circulate many times between users or materials to the fashion ecosystem (closed loop) customers. A product may be repaired, reused or send them for use as resources in another as a product (for example via a second-hand industry (open loop). purchase), reused as materials and remade into

[Table 2 — Page 53]
REUSE | REPURPOSE
----------------------------------------

Scaling customer-facing circular business models
Progress: use & care — Within the new concept COS Full Circle, some – Weekday ran curated second-hand offers in
of the garments collected are repaired for resale four stores in Sweden.
— H&M Take Care concept is now offered in all under the Restore label.
global online markets to provide guidance and – Monki Pre-Loved is a second-hand area
products to help customers care for their clothes.1 — Monki established a denim repair project, in two key stores in Stockholm running in
offering a limited collection of jeans that are collaboration with Sellpy and the Monki
— Through the online service My Closet we embroidered after having minor tears during community — the customers can sell their
piloted a ‘digital wardrobe’ in India, providing our production. garments through a consignment model.
users with an overview of all their H&M purchases
for ten years. This helped our customers to — We ran a pilot project to sort and refurbish – ARKET launched their ReARKET pilot in
explore their style and offered inspiration on how returned leather shoes from ARKET, & Other Gothenburg, enabling customers to buy and
to prolong the life and increase the use of their Stories, and COS. resell products.
clothes.
Progress: access – COS Resell is a pillar in the broader COS
— We are testing a digital wardrobe app in Circular Business Model strategy. Customers
Sweden. Seam helps users to better use what — We continued to expand access to the resell can upload and sell their pre-owned COS
they already own and to become more satisfied platform Sellpy. More than eight million second- garments via the Resell platform in the UK and
with their style. Through Seam, H&M Group hand items were traded on the platform across 24 Germany, giving products a second life and
receives post-purchase product data, supporting markets. supporting the brand’s circularity mission.
us to better plan and optimise collections as well
as meeting future legal requirements. — H&M made it possible to buy second-hand — Our brands also continued to test and scale
garments from multiple brands alongside new rental services:
Progress: repair H&M garments in Sweden and Germany —
offering a new, integrated customer experience – & Other Stories partnered with rental
— H&M expanded its repair services this year, by incorporating a curated second-hand marketplace HURR. UK Customers can
improving operations and customer experience. assortment from Sellpy into its website in Sweden rent a curated selection of & Other Stories
H&M Repair Stations are now operating in seven and Germany. The solution aims to remove collections on the HURR platform or at its
key cities across five markets. customer barriers, showing that second-hand pop-up in London.
products are just like a standard purchase.
— H&M started to repair faulty customer returns – H&M expanded its rental service, which
at the distribution centre in Milton Keynes to — Our other brands led their own second-hand is now available in four stores: Stockholm,
enable them to be resold. initiatives: Amsterdam, Berlin and London and a launch in
Antwerp is imminent.
1) Take Care products are available in selected markets.
P.54 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
Scaling customer-facing circular business models
– WEEKDAY continued its partnership with Learnings
Gemme Collective.
— Customer-facing circular business models
– H&M Home continued its ‘Rent a Christmas’ are often labour intensive with low margins.
offers in four cities — Berlin, Paris, London and We address this challenge and discuss how to
Stockholm — providing customers with the incentivise a scalable transition in our position
opportunity to hire festive decorations. paper on circular business models as waste
prevention.
Progress: collect
— Selling products second-hand requires
— We gathered 14,768 tonnes of used products significant manual handling to prepare garments Textiles collected in H&M Group stores2
through our existing in-store garment collecting and input product details. Efficiency and
2019 2020 2021 2022
initiatives. During 2022 we continued to work profitability would improve with better access
with I:CO1 to collect and sort garments, with 55% to product information, across brands and 29,005 tonnes 18,800 tonnes 15,944 tonnes 14,768 tonnes
reused as a product, 15% reused as material, customers. A potential establishment of extended
2) Our garment collecting initiative was disrupted by the Covid-19 pandemic for part of the year in 2020 and for the full year in 2021. Since March 2022, our
and 22% recycled to become products for use traceability, where data is stored in a
garment collecting has been paused in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus.
other industries or made into new fibres. I:CO product’s digital ID, could be the enabler for this.
collaborated with partners to make use of the
remaining 8% that, as a last resort, had to be — Customers want to understand the impact Future focus
disposed of another way, prioritising incineration of their purchases, yet there is currently no
for energy recovery and not sending textiles to standardised way of measuring the GHG — Sellpy is already one of the biggest providers of
landfill. emissions or resource use impact of reuse second-hand fashion in Europe. We will continue
and repair models compared to purchasing to scale its offerings to more markets, increasing
— COS scaled its Full Circle initiative to include new products. This makes clear customer the number of second-hand items traded and
a collection of pre-worn COS products that are communication and claims a challenge — further decoupling our growth from resource use.
repurposed or repaired for resale, with cleaning read more about our approach to transparent
and restoration partner Bleckmann Renewal. customer communications. — We are continuing to explore and scale use,
Live in eight markets at the end of 2022, COS Full care, repair, rental and resale models, improving
Circle prioritises fixing and repurposing clothes access and satisfaction for our customers
ahead of recycling. based on our learnings. In the longer term, this
will include increasing access to second-hand
clothing by integrating it further into our customer
journey.
1) From 2023 onwards, we will no longer work with I:CO.
P.55 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 55]
Textiles collected in H&M Group stores2 2019 2020 2021 2022 |
----------------------------------------
| 2022
29,005 tonnes 18,800 tonnes 15,944 tonnes | 14,768 tonnes

CIRCULAR PRODUCTS, SUPPLY CHAIN & CUSTOMER JOURNEY use, 76% is recycled (55% post-consumer and to increase the share of post-consumer recycled
21% pre-consumer). We have therefore reached plastic in our garment polybags.
our plastic targets ahead of time, so will revise
Packaging
our circular packaging strategy — read more on — Hangers. In line with our Chemical Roadmap
page 57. we aim to eliminate or replace all hangers made
of polystyrene by the end of 2023. We are moving
— 92% of waste handled in H&M Group away from single use hangers and, in 2022, 26%
distribution centres was recycled or reused (92% of all our hangers were reused. We accelerated
in 2021). the industry’s systemic shift to a circular model by
Our products need to be protected during their — Reuse or recycle 100% of packaging from our collaborating with suppliers and collectors, and
journeys between our suppliers, distribution own sites by 2025. — We partnered with Virginia Tech University implementing the Return to Source model in more
centres, stores and customers, to prevent to explore how to measure the impact of markets.
damage and waste. We’re committed to lowering Read about our detailed plastic packaging goals. online packaging through a product Life Cycle
the environmental impact of our packaging, Assessment. — Transit (e-commerce and transport)
guided by our Circular Packaging Strategy built Our Circular Product Development Guideline, packaging. The major share of the packaging we
on the Ellen MacArthur Foundation (EMF)’s key Material Guideline and Restricted Substances — We have an ongoing dialogue with Canopy use going forward will be transit packaging. For
principles: eliminate waste and pollution, circulate List for Packaging Suppliers support progress about how to switch our dependencies on virgin online packaging, we have worked to optimise
products and materials (at their highest value), towards these goals. Driven by the goal to tackle wood fibres to more recycled materials and next the size and weight of the FSC-certified paper
and regenerate nature. We prioritise areas where plastic pollution, we’re signatories of EMF’s generation fibres, and are continuing to explore bag that replaced single-use plastic bags for all
we are most likely to have the greatest impact, Global Commitment in collaboration with the UN this. our brands and markets. For transport packaging,
including reducing unnecessary and problematic Environment Programme — which has united we’re carrying out ongoing research and
packaging like hangers and plastic bags. more than 500 organisations behind a common — We are strengthening our IT solutions to development to increase post-consumer recycled
vision of a circular economy for plastics — as improve packaging decisions in the product material and product durability. Our reverse
Our key packaging goals are:1 well as Fashion Pact. We endorse Canopy’s development stage as well as supporting our supply chains work will help to secure end-to-end
Pack4Good initiative, which underscores our suppliers to reduce the material consumption for responsibility of these packaging types, ensuring
— An absolute reduction in plastic packaging of commitment to focus on responsibly sourced packaging. Where this is impemented, we have packaging is reusable or recyclable.
25% by 2025 (2018 baseline). wood-based packaging, including recycled pulp, seen good progress on both resourse reduction
next generation fibres and FSC-certified sourced and cost savings. — Shopping bags in stores. We saw an
— Design 100% of packaging to be reusable and/ paper. immediate 40% reduction in usage of in-store
or recyclable by 2025. — Polybags. We are taking steps to reduce, shopping bags following the introduction of bag
Progress replace or remove unnecessary polybags charges.2
— Make 100% of packaging from recycled or other throughout our supply chain. We shipped the first
more sustainably sourced materials by 2030, — Our 2022 priority was to complete the shift global collection using paper instead of single — Materials. We’re working to improve the
with a preference for post-consumer recycled from single use plastic to reusable plastic use plastic polybags for H&M Baby and H&M chain of custody for FSC-certified materials to
materials. or alternative materials — read more below. Men. We are also switching from virgin plastic have better control of the traceability process.
We achieved an absolute reduction in plastic to post-consumer recycled plastic for master
1) We are not reporting our overall % change in packaging volume (metric packaging of 44% of plastic compared to our polybags used in transportation. We will continue 2) Reduced consumption of paper bags in store (-40% compared to 2019) is
tonnes) this year, since we are in the process of revising this goal and our
calculated for the countries (Colombia, Mexico, Spain and New Zealand)
circular packaging strategy — including calculating a new baseline figure baseline year 2018. Of the remaining plastic we that started charging for bags in 2022.
for the overall amount of packaging used.
P.56 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Packaging
We are also redesigning traditional packaging, recycled paper packaging — to serve the same
Packaging data1,2
moving away from non-recyclable multilayer purpose. We have started removing polybags
materials, achieving the same functionality with from socks and aim to do so for other products 20193 2020 2021 2022 GOAL
mono-materials. once we find viable solutions. Absolute plastic packaging
N/A -24% -28% -44%
reduction (from 2018 baseline)
Learnings Future focus Design packaging to be 100% by
reusable or recyclable4 2025
— Our collaboration with suppliers to maximise — We will revise our groupwide circular packaging
37% 57%
– Plastic packaging that is
hanger reuse and recycling demonstrates how strategy, set in 2018, as the landscape we are N/A 6% (28% recycled; (42% recycled;
reusable or recyclable5
effective and impactful business-to-business operating in has changed since then. We are 9% reused) 15% reused)
partnerships can be in the shift to a more circular shifting more towards selling online and selling Make packaging from recycled
100% by
economy. interior products through H&M Home, which or more sustainably sourced 68% 85%
requires a different type of protection to garment material, within which...
— Our work with Virginia Tech showed the circular packaging. We are also shifting from using 42% (13% pre- 66% (30% pre-
– Packaging from recycled
complexity of measuring the environmental single-use plastic to paper packaging, to support N/A 50% consumer; 29% consumer; 36%
materials
post-consumer) post-consumer)
impact of online packaging. To evaluate the higher rates of recycling from our customers. We
entire environmental footprint effectively, a Life will update our strategy and revise our overall – Packaging from virgin FSC
N/A N/A 26% 19%
Cycle Assessment needs to be complemented packaging reduction goals, our approach to certified sources6
by methods to measure aspects such as material plastics use and our recycled packaging targets. 65% (27% pre- 76% (64% pre- 43% (1% pre- 76% (21% prePlastic from
circulation and land use. consumer; 38% consumer; 12% consumer; 42% consumer; 55%
recycled materials
post-consumer) post-consumer) post-consumer) post-consumer)
— We will continue to explore reverse supply
— There can be challenges and trade-offs in chains beyond our hangers programme, with a Paper and cardboard in
shifting from plastic to recycled or sustainably focus on designing packaging for circularity and packaging from recycled or
N/A N/A 78% 87%
more sustainably sourced
sourced paper packaging. Paper packaging might collaborating with external stakeholders.
material, within which...7
require higher volume and weight than plastic
because thicker paper is needed for equivalent — As legislation and compliance requirements for – Virgin FSC-certified sources6 N/A N/A 35% 23%
protection. Recycled paper is less durable than packaging evolve, we will continue taking part in – Recycled from certified sources N/A N/A 43% 64%
virgin paper so we will continue to work on finding relevant conversations and ensure compliance in
1) We’re establishing the data systems needed to report progress on reusing or recycling all packaging waste from our own sites, and to measure the total
strong recycled paper alternatives. all markets where we operate. volume of our packaging that is reusable or recyclable.
2) Some packaging within our value chain remains unreported due to a lack of comparable data, particularly for packaging purchased locally at distribution
centres and transport packaging for store interiors. We are working to map all packaging across our network to continue improving our data and during
2023 we will revise our goals and baselines.
— Polybags have an important function, 3) In 2020, we revised our 2018 baseline data for packaging due to improvements in data quality.
4) We will begin tracking total data once we have completed development of a digital design tool for circular packaging that will enable us to do so.
protecting products in distribution centres and 5) We used the recyclability assessment methodology part of the Global Commitment reporting to calculate for plastic packaging that is considered to be
recycled at a global scale.
in transit. Our challenge is to find and secure
6) Packaging from virgin FSC-certified sources refers to the percentage of total packaging material from virgin FSC-certified sources. Virgin FSC-certified
more sustainable alternatives — such as durable sources refers to the percentage of wood-based (paper and cardboard packaging) material from virgin FSC-certified sources.
7) In 2022 we continued to improve the data management system and the traceability process to secure certified packaging. To align with the 2021
improved methodology to capture FSC certifications, data for 2019 and 2020 is removed.
P.57 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 57]
Packaging data1,2 20193 2020 2021 2022 GOAL | |
----------------------------------------
| 2022 |
Absolute plastic packaging N/A -24% -28% reduction (from 2018 baseline) | -44% |
Design packaging to be reusable or recyclable4 | | 100% by 2025
37% – Plastic packaging that is N/A 6% (28% recycled; reusable or recyclable5 9% reused) | 57% (42% recycled; 15% reused) |
Make packaging from recycled or more sustainably sourced 68% material, within which... | 85% | 100% by 2030
42% (13% pre- – Packaging from recycled N/A 50% consumer; 29% materials post-consumer) | 66% (30% pre- consumer; 36% post-consumer) |
– Packaging from virgin FSC N/A N/A 26% certified sources6 | 19% |
65% (27% pre- 76% (64% pre- 43% (1% pre- Plastic from consumer; 38% consumer; 12% consumer; 42% recycled materials post-consumer) post-consumer) post-consumer) | 76% (21% pre- consumer; 55% post-consumer) |
Paper and cardboard in packaging from recycled or N/A N/A 78% more sustainably sourced material, within which...7 | 87% |
– Virgin FSC-certified sources6 N/A N/A 35% | 23% |
– Recycled from certified sources N/A N/A 43% | 64% |
1) We’re establishing the data systems needed to report progress on reusing or recycling all packaging waste from our own sites, and to measure the total volume of our packaging that is reusable or recyclable. 2) Some packaging within our value chain remains unreported due to a lack of comparable data, particularly for packaging purchased locally at distribution centres and transport packaging for store interiors. We are working to map all packaging across our network to continue improving our data and during 2023 we will revise our goals and baselines. 3) In 2020, we revised our 2018 baseline data for packaging due to improvements in data quality. 4) We will begin tracking total data once we have completed development of a digital design tool for circular packaging that will enable us to do so. | |
5) We used the recyclability assessment methodology part of the Global Commitment reporting to calculate for plastic packaging that is considered to be recycled at a global scale. 6) Packaging from virgin FSC-certified sources refers to the percentage of total packaging material from virgin FSC-certified sources. Virgin FSC-certified sources refers to the percentage of wood-based (paper and cardboard packaging) material from virgin FSC-certified sources. 7) In 2022 we continued to improve the data management system and the traceability process to secure certified packaging. To align with the 2021 improved methodology to capture FSC certifications, data for 2019 and 2020 is removed. | |

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NATURE FAIR & EQUAL
CIRCULAR PRODUCTS, SUPPLY CHAIN & CUSTOMER JOURNEY
Stores, distribution centres
& offices
We strive to ensure that the stores, offices and We collaborate with our business partners
distribution centres we use, though not all owned and building owners to achieve these goals.
by us, are built, maintained and furnished in line Read more about our approach to the built
with our circular and climate goals. Our Circular environment.
Built Environment Strategy helps to reduce our
climate footprint. The strategy is built on the Ellen Progress: reducing emissions
MacArthur Foundation’s three key principles to
eliminate waste and pollution, circulate products — We have identified H&M’s top six key raw
and materials (at their highest value), and materials for interiors that help reduce GHG
regenerate nature. We prioritise the reduction, emissions through reuse. These are stone, steel,
reuse, repair and recycling of our resources and melamine, stainless steel, wood and aluminum.
focus on using recycled or other more sustainable We are modelling how we can calculate and verify
materials. these emissions reductions. Based on these
calculations, we’ve set a key milestone for store
Our goals are: interior materials in 2023: to reduce emissions
by 15% CO e/m2 and to reuse 45% of interior
— Reduce GHG emissions from our operations materials (measured in kg/m2).
by 56% by 2030 — as part of our wider emissions
goal. — We made progress towards extending our
Circular Built Environment Strategy to distribution
— Design 100% of interiors to be reusable, centres and offices, including launching a project
repairable or recyclable. with suppliers to measure the CO e of our office
interiors.
— Use only recycled or other more sustainably
sourced materials by 2030. — 75% of our offices globally are lit by LED, with a
goal of 100%.
— Reuse, repair or recycle all interiors by 2030.
P.58 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Stores, distribution centres & offices
— We updated our Circular Design Guideline to work towards being able to offer products with to follow developments at Biomason as well as
for the built environment to use the same lower negative impacts. seeking out other innovative solutions.
methodology as Circulator, our commercial
circular product design tool. — Our brands started tracking progress on — Existing legislations do not support a circular
materials use. For example, COS launched its new way of working so reuse of interiors between
— For offices, we have prioritised optimising store concept design in two stores, resulting in an stores and markets can be challenging,
space with the end goal to reduce GHG emissions. average recycled material usage of 68%. particularly when it comes to asset value transfer.
At our H&M head office in Stockholm we reduced
office space by 10%, completed LED retrofit for Progress: reuse, repair, recycle — Optimising office space and reusing or selling
an area of 28,000 m2, reused and refurbished interior products, rather than sending them for
existing furniture, and recycled furniture that was — We established our Redesign project to reuse recycling, has not only saved resources and
no longer functional. 63% of our Swedish office materials from closed stores, starting with one avoided GHG emissions, but is also a profitable
portfolio is third-party certified by LEED, BREEAM in-store test with a redesigned interior. A further business case.
in Use or Miljöbyggnad and 10% of our global six projects are confirmed for 2023.
portfolio is third-party certified by either LEED or Future focus
BREEAM. — Our online sharing tool facilitates reuse of
surplus store interiors. This year we also created a — We have prioritised our strategic partnership
Progress: recycled or other reuse tool to build in the scope for reuse into the with IVL Swedish Environmental Research
design phase of new projects. Institute to build a climate impact analysis model
more sustainably sourced
for interior products. This will help us understand
materials — COS is committed to using no new concrete the CO e and resource reduction impact of
products in interiors and is testing a flooring materials — from the extraction of the raw material
— Our new construction frameworks for system that can easily be installed and removed and material processing, until the material is ready
distribution centres include clear requirements for for reuse. to use for interior production, including logistics.
more sustainably sourced and recycled materials.
Learnings — We will continue reducing our office space,
— We continued collaborating with Really to measured as m2/person, and increase the share of
recycle textiles into products for our interiors. — We learned a lot from our collaboration with reused interiors.
We face some challenges with the required Biomason, including the complexity in replacing
minimum ordered quantities per colour so we’re a traditional floor tile with an alternative material
considering switching to using standard colours. that has the quality we require. Therefore, we
have agreed to not continue with the partnership
— Where possible we use Unilin’s wood fibre- in its existing format. We are committed to finding
based boards containing 90-95% recycled a more sustainable floor product and will continue
content. Other board suppliers are encouraged
P.59 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE
Fair & Equal
Our approach to being Fair & Equal .............61
Respecting & advancing human rights .........63
Social impact in our own operations ...........65
Social impact in our production supply chain .. 67
Inclusion & diversity .......................... 77
Community engagement ......................81
P.60 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Our approach to being at Work, and informed by its definition of decent
work. H&M Foundation
Fair & Equal — Inclusion and diversity. We’re determined In 2022, H&M Foundation:
to create inclusive, diverse and equitable
workplaces in our operations and production — Continued to support women garment
supply chain. Together with our brands, we workers in Bangladesh by launching
promote diversity and equality through products Oporajita (“Undefeated”) — a multi-partner
Our business impacts people all over the world, and their human rights. It is the foundation of our and communication, and advance inclusion in our initiative taking a holistic approach to
and we want to ensure that impact is positive. We approach to being a fair and equal company and communities. equip these women for a future defined by
have a responsibility to respect and advance the ensuring the social perspective is included in our automation and digitalisation.
rights of everyone involved in and affected by our environmental programmes. We aim to support — Community engagement. We partner with
business, guided by our shared values and our all human rights and we focus our efforts and others to improve social and environmental — Continued to support Saamuhika Shakti
commitment to being a fair and equal company. strategies on our salient issues — those issues impacts on our stakeholders at a local level in the (“collective power”), a ten-partner initiative
at greatest risk of significant impact from our countries where we operate, and to advance the that aims to equip informal waste pickers in
Human rights due diligence is the ongoing process business. Evolving contexts such as the war in rights of wider communities. Bengaluru to lift themselves out of poverty.
we use to identify, prevent, mitigate and remedy Ukraine, ongoing environmental instability, and the H&M Group extended the reach of Saamupotential and actual negative impact on people aftermath of the Covid-19 pandemic escalate risks — Working towards a circular, net-zero fashion hika Shakti through a stand-alone business
to human rights in specific regions or globally. industry. The state of the natural environment partnership with social enterprise Hasiru
fundamentally affects people’s wellbeing and Dala Innovations. Buttons containing plastic
Rights holders impacted by our business include equitable access to essential resources. As we recovered from the streets of Bengaluru are
our employees, our customers, the workers accelerate our journey and that of the sector now featured on garments worldwide.
in our supply chains, the communities where we towards a circular, net-zero future, it’s vital we
operate, and specific communities of people at consider the risks and opportunities related to — Partnered with Social Alpha to launch the
greater risk of inequity or human rights violations. human rights, so we can enable a holistic impact second round of Techtonic — Innovations
We strive to respect and advance their rights and a just transition to a resilient, thriving sector in Circular Economy in India as part of
through the following areas of work: that supports people and the environment. Saamuhika Shakti. This national challenge
identifies local, disruptive innovations that
— Social impact in our own operations and In our 2022 stakeholder survey, 36% of improve waste management and integrate
production supply chain. Everyone should stakeholders rate our work on fair jobs as good waste pickers in their value chains.
expect decent, meaningful jobs with fair or very good and 50% rate our work on inclusion
compensation and benefits in safe, secure and diversity as good or very good. Our overall — Donated USD 100,000 each to Save
workplaces free from discrimination, with the employee engagement score in our People the Children and the United Nations High
right to freedom of association. Our work to Engagement Pulses survey was 76 out of 100 (76 Commissioner for Refugees to support
deliver this — with a focus on our employees in 2021). 89% of suppliers regard H&M Group as a relief efforts in Ukraine, and donated USD
and people working in our production supply fair business partner. 250,000 to Red Cross/Red Crescent to
chain — is aligned with the International Labour support Pakistan flood relief.
Organization’s Fundamental Principles and Rights See our Fair & Equal KPIs from 2022.
P.61 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

A global, industrywide approach to workers’ rights
An interview with Atle Høie, General Secretary at IndustriALL about how we’re doing and what we can do better
Nine years ago, the first Global Framework direct employers of the workers they have work together to create a system where workers
Agreement (GFA) was signed by H&M Group, no immediate contribution to the collective get good wages and working conditions and
IndustriAll and IF Metall. What impact have agreements. Other challenges are of course brands and suppliers still make money.
you seen as a result? that the garment industry is labour intensive and
Since the signing of the GFA, it is clear that located in poorer and less developed countries We work together on wages, health and safety,
industrial relations and workers’ rights within the where industrial relations are still very immature. social protection, and in our own supply chain
H&M Group global supply chain have improved. on gender-based violence and harassment
The joint agreement established a global dispute What would you like to see more of from H&M (GBVH). How can we improve our collaboration
mechanism, a system of national monitoring Group and other actors to address these to maximise our impact?
committees (NMCs), and a pathway for workers challenges? The collaboration has highlighted the importance
to unionise and negotiate collective bargaining As a leading player H&M Group must continue of working together with other brands and global
agreements at H&M Group supplier factories. to set a good example in developing industrial actors to solve systemic problems within the
The NMCs are key in supporting the dialogue relations, sound purchasing practices, and global supply chain that cannot be solved by one
between suppliers and trade unions when issues observation of good health and safety brand alone.
are not resolved in the factory level. requirements with their suppliers. A global
leader must take a firm stance when it comes to Further collaboration is needed to impact the
Other global brands have followed H&M Group’s violations of international standards, the contents business model of the global textile supply chain.
lead, having seen the value of directly engaging of the GFA, as well as the commitments made Global stakeholders, but also brands individually
with IndustriALL and its affiliates to strengthen through the International Accord and ACT. should sign legally binding agreements with
industrial relations. IndustriALL and its affiliates to guarantee
From governments we expect complete improving conditions in the industry.
How would you describe the challenges to respect for the ILO conventions and support for
building industrial relations that protect organising and collective bargaining, which are
workers in the fashion industry? key to create a more level playing field between
The main challenge is the industry’s business employers, workers and brands.
model, which with its supply chain dependency
takes away the formal responsibility from the Suppliers need a push to respect the same
brands. In the fashion industry the brands standards, but they are often squeezed between
have enormous influence on the terms being the price they get from brands and expectations
offered to workers, but since they are not the from governments and workers. All parties must
P.62 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CCIIRRCCUULLAARRIITTYY,, CCLLIIMMAATTEE && NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
Respecting & advancing
human rights
We are committed to respecting and safeguarding and communities, and adjust our priorities
human rights across our entire value chain, led by accordingly.
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human
Rights and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Our policies, impact and progress on these issues
Enterprises. We aim to take a consistent approach are detailed in various sections of this report,
to assessing, addressing and remedying our including water, material choice, social impact in
impact on people and the planet and we prioritise our own operations and production supply chain,
our most salient issues. inclusion & diversity, community impact, and
supply chain management. Progress: human rights due — As our business model becomes increasingly
Our standpoint is detailed in our Human Rights digital, we’re focusing on strengthening rights and
diligence
Policy, which clarifies and embeds our work It’s vital that the many people we work, protections linked to privacy, data security and the
to respect fundamental human rights in our collaborate and exchange with are assured of responsible use of data.
operations. Our Modern Slavery Statement their rights and have the ability to inform our work. — We made our Sustainability Commitment for
outlines how we work to prevent forced labour Engagement with rights holders impacted by our Business Partners more pertinent to different Progress: trainings
and child labour in our supply chains. business is therefore an important element of our operational contexts and experiences by tailoring
operations. it to different functions and groups — such as — We provide ongoing trainings to help our
Heightened global unrest and new conflicts, manufacturing, construction and facility services, colleagues understand and protect human rights:
such as the war in Ukraine, increase the risk of We are unifying our corporate governance landlords, warehouse operations and transport.
human rights violations in our business. We also policies and centralised risk management These updated versions are being rolled out – In 2022, 177 colleagues participated in
recognise the interconnectedness between systems, further integrating our human rights across H&M Group. training that raised their awareness of human
environmental issues — such as climate change, and environmental due diligence with corporate rights.
resource use and water scarcity — and social risk management processes. See more details — For the third consecutive year, we involved our
impacts affecting equity, health and livelihoods. about our work on corporate risk management, in-country teams from production, construction, – The International Organization for Migration
human rights and due diligence. We continue cleaning and logistics in our annual human rights ran supplementary sessions for our production
Our strategies and policies are focused on our to embed due diligence across our operations risk review process. Their engagement provides suppliers and our warehouse operations staff
salient human rights issues and we take a risk- and continuously seek to track and improve our more granular input to our risk assessment, in Italy, Poland, Portugal and Romania, on the
based approach to human rights due diligence. impact. increases awareness of our policies, and further responsible recruitment of refugees from
We continually monitor and evaluate emerging integrates our human rights practices across the Ukraine.
concerns across our operations, supply chains organisation.
P.63 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Respecting & advancing human rights
Progress: grievance ensure grievance mechanisms are in place in their – We worked with the Better Cotton Initiative, function and increased our calls for progressive
operations and to actively engage in remediation Textile Exchange and Leather Working Group regulation.
mechanisms
processes. to further embed human rights and support
for livelihoods into their material standards and Learnings
— We expanded the scope of Speak Up, our — We continued to follow up on the functionality way of working.
corporate complaints and grievance platform, to of grievance mechanisms throughout our — Volatile economic and political contexts require
enable more external stakeholders to access it. production supply chain. quick and appropriate actions. We endeavour to
Progress: protecting vulnerable
act in a timely and effective manner to support
groups
— Our updated Sustainability Commitment human rights and our responses are guided by
Progress: supply chain
requires our suppliers and business partners to our ongoing risk analyses and due diligence
management
— We identified no cases of child labour in our processes.
tier 1 supply chain in 2022. We reviewed and
— We worked across our supply chains to support updated our guidelines on child labour risks and — To be compliant with anticipated legislation, we
human rights (read more in the supply chain remediation, and rolled out supporting training to need to further strengthen our due diligence and
management section): internal teams and key suppliers. 33 colleagues integrate it with standard business operations,
were trained on child rights, child labour risks and document our processes, and harmonise data
– We assess risk levels to prioritise audits remediation. collection across the group.
of our own and outsourced warehouse
operations. In 2022, we undertook 34 on-site — In Turkey and Bangladesh, we are developing Future focus
audits. tailored childcare services for the children of
workers in our supplier factories, to support their — We have, until now, focused our efforts
– We continued to collaborate with peers right to education and to enable greater gender primarily on own operations and tier 1 and tier
through the EU Responsible Trucking Platform, equality in the workplace. 2 production suppliers, as well as on some
to improve the working conditions of truck elements of our raw material sourcing. Our intent
or lorry drivers and other road transport — We continue to focus on the responsible is to strengthen our due diligence across our
labourers. recruitment of migrants and seek to identify full production supply chain, covering all raw
opportunities for them to access the labour materials, as well as our service supply chains and
– To strengthen our due diligence towards market under fair terms. Read more in our Modern our circular business models.
external brands, we continued to assess Slavery Statement.
operational risk levels and adjust our — We aim to improve our understanding of
collaboration and audits to brands’ expertise Progress: public affairs environmental and human rights threats across
and experience. We also developed a self- our value chain to inform a more risk-based
assessment guide for business partners as — To drive systemic change in human rights approach. This will provide more comprehensive
part of the onboarding process, supported by legislation, we have grown our public affairs risk and impact assessments and will guide
training. preventive measures and mitigating actions.
P.64 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our Union Network International. Engaging with our
employees is crucial for our continued business Supporting colleagues
success. All employees are invited to provide
own operations affected by the war in
feedback on their experience of the workplace
and suggest areas for improvement in our regular Ukraine
internal survey People Engagement Pulses (PEP).
As the war in Ukraine continues, our priority
— Compensation & benefits. Our Global is to support all our impacted colleagues
All H&M Group colleagues should have Compensation and Benefits Policy guides in a transparent, consistent, and respectful
good working conditions in safe and healthy our approach to remuneration and rewards. way.
environments. We strive to create and maintain All employees working full-time or part-time,
workplaces that are fair, inclusive, equal and regardless of position, salary, and country, can Our stores in Ukraine are closed until
respectful. Based on learnings from our ever- benefit from H&M Incentive Program (HIP), a further notice, and we continue to support
changing business environment, we continue share-option scheme.1 H&M Group employees our Ukraine-based employees in a number
to explore new ways of working to encourage get a discount when shopping in our stores and of ways. Many employees who have
creativity and strengthen our culture. We focus online, worldwide. left the country have been offered job
on: opportunities in other nearby markets
Progress: overall where we operate, and we offer financial
— Health, safety & wellbeing. We continually assistance to employees who are staying in
work to promote physical, mental, and social — To provide a global, consistent approach as Ukraine.
wellbeing throughout our operations. Established an employer, we are developing H&M Group
processes and routines, and close dialogue with Minimum Employment Standards guided by the We paid salaries to our employees based
internal stakeholders, help us identify and mitigate International Labour Organization conventions. in Russia throughout the decisions to
risks and challenges. These will be launched worldwide in 2023. pause all sales and, later, to wind down
our business in the country. As the stores
— Professional & personal development. We — We are updating our social policies to align with were closed step-by-step, employees
embrace a learning mindset where colleagues evolving legislation and to ensure they are clear received severance pay and career support
regularly give and receive feedback. Everyone is and easily understood. in line with our procedures for responsible
supported in defining their development goals business conduct.
and encouraged to engage in a wide range of
Progress: health, safety &
learning opportunities to grow professionally and Read more about our wider response to the
wellbeing
personally. conflict.
— Employee relations & engagement. We — We continued regular trainings on health and
respect our employees’ right to freedom of safety, including crisis management, in line with
association and collective bargaining, and outline our Global Health and Safety Policy. Our internal
our commitments in our Global Labour Relations
Principles and Global Framework Agreement with 1) Due to local legislation, HIP is currently not available in all countries and
the payment regulations vary in a few markets.
P.65 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our own operations
newsletter, The Care Label, promotes mental Progress: employee relations &
health and wellbeing topics to all employees.
engagement
— 67% of respondents to our PEP survey agreed
with the statement “I am able to successfully — To meet our customers’ expectations and
balance my work and personal life”, an increase navigate the digital shift, we continued our
from 65% in 2021. store portfolio consolidation and business
transformations. Through these processes we
continued to take a responsible approach to
Progress: professional &
supporting our colleagues. Our markets have
personal development
taken a range of actions, including making Progress: compensation & Future focus
managers and human resources available for
benefits
— We are piloting a learning experience platform regular phone calls and providing additional — We will further harmonise our people
that aims to customise trainings and offer benefits or compensation to support transition. processes to increase efficiency across brands,
tailored roadmaps for professional and personal — To increase equity and fairness in remuneration, functions and regions. This shared approach will
development to all employees. — Together with Shift, we reviewed our existing we continue to implement our Generic Job enable further development of, for example, our
grievance process, which enables all H&M Group Framework across all operations. This structure work on talent acquisition as well as rewards,
— Our 12-month H&M Group trainee programme colleagues to report breaches of our social enables us to compare our compensation including compensation, benefits, and pensions.
for graduates is designed to attract talent from policies or any other perceived misconduct. levels and benefits, both internally within our
diverse backgrounds, experiences, education Following the review, we decided to integrate the organisation and externally across markets. — To enable collaboration and communication
systems, and perspectives. The programme process within our Speak Up channel. across H&M Group, we continue to roll out the
provides trainees with support from a mentor — 67% of respondents to our PEP survey agreed foundation for our new digital communication
and manager as they rotate within our business — The overall employee engagement score in our with the statement “I feel satisfied with the and collaboration platform, One Experience. By
units, contribute to projects, access trainings, and PEP survey remained high at 76 out of 100, the recognition or praise I receive for my work”, up streamlining our communication channels, all
network with colleagues. same as in 2021. from 65% last year. colleagues in all parts of the business can stay
informed and connected.
— The average training time per full time — 81% of colleagues who responded to our Learnings
equivalent colleague was 10 hours. PEP survey agreed with the statement “I feel — We will continue to develop and implement the
empowered to take ownership about my work”, an — To respond quickly and efficiently to changing H&M Group Minimum Employment Standards
— 67% of respondents to our PEP survey agreed increase from 80% in 2021. contexts around the world, and to meet our globally in all our operations.
“I have good opportunities to learn and grow”, up legal and operational requirements, we need to
from 65% in 2021. continue to align our internal processes, facilitate — Employee engagement remains a priority and
information flows and strengthen the global, we are developing a strategy to improve the
connected approach to our business. coordination of various internal initiatives across
H&M Group.
P.66 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our risks. We defend democratically elected worker capability building, joint remediation and supplier
representation and encourage workers to know audits.
their rights.
production supply chain
— Our Global Framework Agreement (GFA)
— Compensation, benefits & social protection: with trade unions IndustriALL and IF Metall
Everyone should receive fair pay for their facilitates social dialogue in our supply chain and
work1 and we partner with suppliers to improve promotes workplace rights. National Monitoring
wages for workers, develop wage management Committees (NMCs)3 manage the agreement’s
We are committed to being a good partner to systems in factories, and promote social implementation in local markets.
our suppliers and to respecting and advancing protection frameworks that align with established
the rights of their workers. With our tier 1 and international standards. Through collaboration — We are part of the Action, Collaboration,
2 production supply chain alone spanning 34 with experts, industry peers, and governments, Transformation (ACT) agreement between
countries and supporting more than 1.28 million we endeavour to enhance compensation within IndustriALL and global brands, which aims
workers, we have the opportunity to create our sector and across countries. Our Wage to deliver living wages through responsible
positive impact for communities around the world. Strategy defines our pathway to improving purchasing practices and collective bargaining at
workers’ livelihoods. industry level.
We aim to ensure that human rights are respected
and that social safeguards are in place across our — Inclusion & diversity: We seek to embed — We support the International Labour
production supply chain. We monitor risks and inclusivity across our whole value chain by Organization’s (ILO) Decent Work Agenda and
opportunities across our activities and prioritise treating people fairly and giving everyone access work with decision makers to shape and enact
actions that support the most vulnerable people to the same opportunities. To achieve these progressive legislation. Read more about our
in our value chain. These include migrant workers, ambitions, we created a Gender Equality Strategy public affairs work.
refugees, workers in the informal sector, and to promote and support women workers,2 as well
particularly women within these groups. as a roadmap focusing on migrant workers and — We are members of Better Work’s Advisory
refugees. Read more in Inclusion & Diversity and Committee where we help shape the
We focus on: our Modern Slavery Statement. programme’s strategic direction and partnerships,
and discuss key developments in global supply
— Health, safety & wellbeing: All workplaces We engage with partners around the world to chains and labour standards.
should be safe and healthy environments. We accelerate social progress across our supply chain:
work with our suppliers to assess workplace — As a board member of the Sustainable Apparel
conditions and their workers’ experience. We are — As a member of Industry Summit, we Coalition, we are committed to increasing and
a signatory to the International Accord for Health collaborate with 13 other brands to exchange harmonising data collection in factories and
and Safety in the Textile and Garment Industry. information and best practices on social and collating input from multiple stakeholders, as well
environmental issues such as gender equality, as improving social conditions through the Social
— Social dialogue: We support workers’ freedom & Labor Convergence Project.
of association and expression. It is our view that
continual workplace dialogue and engagement
1) Read about how we define fair wages. 3) NMCs consist of H&M Group representatives working on the ground
increase supply chain resilience and mitigate 2) Our Gender Equality Strategy includes actions and measures focused on alongside national-level trade union representatives affiliated with
gender equity as mechanisms to reach our end goal of gender equality. IndustriALL.
P.67 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our production supply chain
We continue to help suppliers navigate the Progress: social dialogue
Jobs in a circular, net-zero ongoing effects of the Covid-19 pandemic. New
legislation on responsible business practices is — We ran an industrial relations impact survey
fashion industry
being introduced in various markets and we are with our tier 1 suppliers, to monitor workplace
working with suppliers to adapt our operations to dialogue and evaluate grievance mechanisms,
We are committed to adopting a holistic
these recent standards and norms. Beyond the using the United Nations Global Reporting
approach to our value chain and delivering
pandemic, rapid inflation is a growing concern Framework. Our goal is to enable our suppliers to
positive impact for people and the planet
for fair wages globally and we are attentive to the become more independent and define their own
in the transition towards a circular, net-zero
need for functional wage management systems to pathways to greater functionality.
fashion industry.
protect workers’ livelihoods.
– The results identified several possible areas
Building on our learnings from the Keeping
for improvement: better documentation
Workers in the Loop project with BSR, we Progress: health, safety &
of processes, including grievances and
are working on a new roadmap to secure
wellbeing
outcomes, and better information about
holistic circular, climate and social impact in
routines, responsibilities and resources;
an evolving garment industry.
— The International Accord for Health and Safety increased inclusion of workers throughout
in the Textile and Garment Industry is now in place disciplinary processes and grievance
We have identified opportunities to
in Bangladesh and enforced by the Ready Made mechanism policies; and procedures that are
leverage our transition from a linear
Garment Sustainability Council, with the aim that grounded in human rights. These will shape
economy to a circular, net-zero one and
workers in the sector experience safe and healthy our priorities for the coming years.
are committed to ensuring that this will
work environments. Following implementation
be a just transition for people across
in Bangladesh, we undertook a feasibility study – The results also highlighted where
our value chain. Our holistic circular and
to assess expansion into additional markets and programmes have had a positive impact. For
climate impact priorities include upskilling
have identified a number of countries where the example, 95% of facilities have grievance
and reskilling initiatives, securing high
scheme could be extended. In early 2023, we mechanisms that were created with worker
quality jobs, and implementing responsible
signed the new Pakistan Accord, which has an representatives or trade union representatives.
business practices across our value chain.
initial term of three years. 91% of facilities use dialogue as the means to
address and resolve grievances.
— We started tracking health and safety
governance in our supply chain: 98% of tier — Despite unionisation rates decreasing
1 supplier factories have health and safety worldwide, particularly in our sector, rates in our
committees. factories have remained stable. 42% of our tier 1
supplier factories have trade union representation
and 34% have collective bargaining agreements
(CBAs) in place.
P.68 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our production supply chain
— Our five1 NMCs in Bangladesh, Cambodia, India, they can better deliver on the role once elected.
Indonesia and Turkey cover more than 984,000 We aim to put these in place in the coming years.
workers. Of the 34 issues raised with NMCs or
other labour stakeholders in 2022 and carried — Workers are aware of the processes in place
over from 2021, 29 have been resolved (see table). for grievance handling in 98% of in-scope
tier 1 supplier factories, and 95% of factories
— Following NMC-led analysis of suppliers’ CBAs, have grievance mechanisms created through
we used a benchmarking tool to compare the social dialogue between unions or worker
processes for setting up and managing CBAs representative structures and management.
to international labour standards, human rights In 75% of factories, management reported
protections and local laws. Results showed that reviewing grievances submitted and doing root
while most reported CBAs are legitimate, they can cause analysis of issues raised — ensuring the
be improved with supplemental gender-sensitive mechanism is a source of continual learning.2
programmes and grievance mechanisms. These
recommendations were shared with factory — As signatories to the ACT agreement, we
leaders and trade unions, who will lead on their support the negotiation of industrywide CBAs and
implementation. Assessments were conducted believe these create better working conditions
across seven factories in Bangladesh, Turkey and with higher wages and greater benefits for
India. We will include additional countries next everyone. Together, we have progressed in our
Issues brought to National Committees in 2022 or carried over from 2021
year. efforts to expand CBAs:
TOPIC UNRESOLVED RAISED IN RESOLVED IN UNRESOLVED
FROM 2021 2022 2022 INTO 2023
— We began the process of setting up an NMC – In Cambodia, the Textile, Apparel, Footwear
in Pakistan and continued to invest in increasing and Travel Association in Cambodia (TAFTAC) Compensation & benefits and severance payment 6 8 14 0
NMC capacity and scale. — formerly GMAC — and the trade union
IndustriALL have started negotiations on a Discrimination & harassment 3 0 3 0
— We are shifting our activities from workplace CBA with wage-related elements.
Freedom of association & collective bargaining
dialogue programmes towards more holistic 4 13 12 5
agreements
strategies focused on positive outcomes. – In Turkey, ACT member brands have drafted
Previously, we primarily focused on ensuring an approach to facilitating a multi-employer Working hours 0 0 0 0
democratic elections of worker representatives. CBA negotiation process.
We now recognise the additional need to provide Forced labour and modern slavery 0 0 0 0
training and upskilling to representatives so that
Social security 0 0 0 0
1) We were no longer able to work within our NMC structure in Myanmar
Total 13 21 29 5
but we continued to collaborate with trade unions and other labour 2) Figures are based on FSLM data provided by factory management and
organisations in the country to resolve cases. are not verified by worker surveys.
P.69 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 69]
Issues brought to National Committees in 2022 or carried over from 2021 TOPIC UNRESOLVED RAISED IN RESOLVED IN UNRESOLVED FROM 2021 2022 2022 INTO 2023 |
----------------------------------------
| UNRESOLVED INTO 2023
Compensation & benefits and severance payment 6 8 14 | 0
Discrimination & harassment 3 0 3 | 0
Freedom of association & collective bargaining 4 13 12 agreements | 5
Working hours 0 0 0 | 0
Forced labour and modern slavery 0 0 0 | 0
Social security 0 0 0 | 0
Total 13 21 29 | 5

Social impact in our production supply chain
— The ACT purchasing practices survey has Progress: compensation,
Average monthly wages (excluding overtime) at H&M Group supplier factories versus applicable
shifted to a two-year cycle so we will provide an
benefits & social protection minimum wages in key production markets2,3,4
update on our performance in next year’s report.
This year, our anonymous supplier survey (run DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN BETWEEN
internally by H&M Group) showed that 89.3% of — 87% of our tier 1 supplier factories have digital GROSS AVERAGE GROSS AVERAGE
MINIMUM AVERAGE AND MINIMUM MINIMUM AVERAGE AND MINIMUM
suppliers regard H&M Group as a fair business payment solutions for their workers. COUNTRY CURRENCY WAGES 2021 WAGES 2021 WAGES 2021 WAGES 2022 WAGES 2022 WAGES 2022
partner.
USD 94 133 90 134
— We made more than 99% of our payments to Bangladesh +42% +50%
BDT 7,966 11,311 8,098 12,106
— We took action to bolster social dialogue in our suppliers on time. On average suppliers get paid
supply chain: in around 15 days after invoicing and delivery USD 209 278 211 293
Cambodia +33% +39%
of goods. This is partly a result of a favourable
KHR 854,448 1,137,578 860,324 1,193,535
– We reviewed case handling routines and factoring arrangement negotiated by H&M
USD 281 564 298 574
minimum requirement routines — read more Group on behalf of our suppliers. We continued Mainland
+101% +93%
in Supply Chain Management. Working with to itemise labour costs for our orders by dividing China CNY 1,812 3,636 1,977 3,823
H&M Group NMC members, we reiterated production costs into different costing blocks
USD 120 141 120 148
expectations and revised case handling such as material, labour and product treatments, India +18% +23%
procedures, including documentation and like printing or washing. This costing calculation INR 8,842 10,404 9,356 11,499
follow-through. All relevant data, such as improves the visibility of labour costs and allows USD 189 198 184 220
number of cases and case resolutions, informs improved wages to be reflected in the prices we Indonesia +5% +19%
IDR 2,699,846 2,838,075 2,703,375 3,223,853
our risk management decisions and is included pay to our suppliers. More than 99% of our apparel
in quarterly reporting mechanisms. orders are processed in this manner.1 USD 92 124 79 116
Myanmar +34% +46%
MMK 147,570 198,182 148,537 217,103
– Seven colleagues participated in negotiation — We continued to enrol suppliers in our
USD 114 139 110 134
and mediation courses run by ILO and we have programme supporting implementation of
Pakistan +22% +21%
piloted an internal training programme on factory-level wage management systems and PKR 18,685 22,820 22,278 26,951
negotiation that is due to be rolled out more focused our efforts on increasing functionality.
USD 408 536 352 436
widely. In 2022, 41 additional factories joined the Turkey +31% +24%
TRY 3,650 4,780 5,666 7,012
programme to improve wage levels and 42 units
– 66 colleagues participated in training put in place a wage grid. USD 152 323 156 338
Vietnam +112% +117%
to improve case handling processes and
VND 3,483,539 7,399,035 3,605,337 7,818,340
experience.
2) 2022 data includes active and approved manufacturing (tier 1) suppliers for all commercial product types, and covers the time period 1 January–30
1) To enable differentiation of costing blocks, we rely on information from September 2022. 2021 data covers the time period 1 January–31 December 2021. As our supplier base changes over time, average wage data is not
our suppliers. Previously, we have reported on the percentage of orders presented as a like-for-like analysis. All average wage data reflects weighted averages, taking account of the size of each factory and the number of
placed using a fact-based costing tool which has helped us to verify workers. Minimum wage data also reflects weighted averages, taking account of any differences in minimum wage changes during the year, and between
costs and separate labour costs. While this is one way of measuring, we regions or states.
have learnt that we need to explore additional methods to get the full 3) Currency conversions at turn of the month from UN Treasury Operational Rates of Exchange, based on weighted average of monthly result for 2022.
picture. We will continue to work to further improve tracking of labour- 4) Real changes in wage data may be obscured by fluctuating exchange rates. Therefore, this year, we are publishing wage data both converted to USD and in
cost ringfencing, working together with relevant stakeholders. the local currency in which they are paid. This increases accuracy and enables greater comparison of wages across markets.
P.70 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 70]
Average monthly wages (excluding overtime) at H&M Group supplier factories versus applicable minimum wages in key production markets2,3,4 DIFFERENCE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BETWEEN GROSS AVERAGE GROSS AVERAGE MINIMUM AVERAGE AND MINIMUM MINIMUM AVERAGE AND MINIMUM COUNTRY CURRENCY WAGES 2021 WAGES 2021 WAGES 2021 WAGES 2022 WAGES 2022 WAGES 2022 | | |
----------------------------------------
| MINIMUM WAGES 2022 | GROSS AVERAGE WAGES 2022 | DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AVERAGE AND MINIMUM WAGES 2022
USD 94 133 Bangladesh +42% BDT 7,966 11,311 | 90 | 134 | +50%
| 8,098 | 12,106 |
USD 209 278 Cambodia +33% KHR 854,448 1,137,578 | 211 | 293 | +39%
| 860,324 | 1,193,535 |
USD 281 564 Mainland +101% China CNY 1,812 3,636 | 298 | 574 | +93%
| 1,977 | 3,823 |
USD 120 141 India +18% INR 8,842 10,404 | 120 | 148 | +23%
| 9,356 | 11,499 |
USD 189 198 Indonesia +5% IDR 2,699,846 2,838,075 | 184 | 220 | +19%
| 2,703,375 | 3,223,853 |
USD 92 124 Myanmar +34% MMK 147,570 198,182 | 79 | 116 | +46%
| 148,537 | 217,103 |
USD 114 139 Pakistan +22% PKR 18,685 22,820 | 110 | 134 | +21%
| 22,278 | 26,951 |
USD 408 536 Turkey +31% TRY 3,650 4,780 | 352 | 436 | +24%
| 5,666 | 7,012 |
USD 152 323 Vietnam +112% VND 3,483,539 7,399,035 | 156 | 338 | +117%
| 3,605,337 | 7,818,340 |

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NNAATTUURREE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
Social impact in our production supply chain
— In response to last year’s ACT-facilitated — The Stockholm School of Economics and
self-assessment on purchasing practices, we Ernst & Young completed two separate studies
implemented the first of five purchasing practices on wage formation in India, commissioned
trainings for buying and planning functions across by H&M Group. The studies found the local
our brands. 498 colleagues in relevant roles1 legislative and business environment was not
completed training module 1, which covers H&M conducive to driving minimum wage increases,
Group’s role and commitments as a member of and recommended H&M Group work with
ACT as well as our responsibilities in improving stakeholders to explore new platforms for
working conditions across our supply chain. Four collaboration and different pathways to facilitate
subsequent modules are being prepared for roll- wage improvements. — The Bangladesh government launched a pilot hired a provider to evaluate our NMCs, using an
out, with more focus on supplier relations — for to ensure workers in the garment sector and their assessment that was co-created by all Framework
example costing and planning, and payment — As part of our ongoing effort to increase families receive income in the case of permanent parties, and will use the findings to strengthen
terms. transparency, we added two countries — Pakistan disability or death linked to work accidents or workplace dialogue and case handling. This will
and Vietnam — to our detailed wage data diseases. We collaborated with ILO and GIZ on be supported by ongoing annual reviews and
— We improved our approach to exiting supplier reporting and continue to gather and report year- creation of the employment injury scheme and improvements.
relationships, following guidance in the ACT on-year wage and worker representation data in are one of seven brands that have committed to
Responsible Exit Policy to minimise a termination’s this report and on our website. financing it for up to five years. We’ll continue — To encourage self-led learning, we’ve created
negative impact. This policy provides guidance to encourage industry members to join the an information platform with resources such as
on recommended steps, such as conducting a — We worked with wages expert Professor scheme and are monitoring the development of e-modules, videos and case studies, on topics
worker impact assessment, creating an exit plan Raymond Robertson to update and improve our the associated legislation to ensure it promotes such as wage issues, the gender pay gap, genderin close dialogue with the supplier, and informing supplier wage survey2 and further understand decent working conditions and rights. based violence and our ways of working. This
all stakeholders of plans, particularly trade the skill and compensation levels of all workers. freely accessible platform enables us to promote
unions or other labour organisations. We monitor We expanded the scope of the survey to include Learnings our values to harder-to-reach audiences within
and communicate developments and impact suppliers in Pakistan, Vietnam, Cambodia and our supplier base.
throughout the whole process, which can take up Europe, covering more than 1,300 production — We aim to further leverage our data collection
to 18 months. units. Initial findings indicate a statistically to gauge wage management system and — Our supply chain workforce has an important
significant pay gap between men and women workplace dialogue programme functionality and role to play in our transition from a linear to
— We updated our supplier Sustainability Index in most of our production countries. This seems impact, not just their existence. This approach will circular economy. We will take account of the
with a new wage KPI, directly linking supplier to be driven primarily by the skill gap between require industrywide support and involvement. priorities identified by our research so far, as we
performance on worker wages to future business genders, as men tend to be more skilled and hence develop our roadmap to secure holistic circular,
opportunities with us. benefit from higher wages. The findings from this Future focus climate and social impact.
research will inform our upcoming strategy to
address our supply chain gender pay gap. — We will focus on improving NMC functionality
1) Business-, brand- and product-developers, controllers, buyers, as part of our Global Framework Agreement with
merchandising teams, capacity teams, business governance teams and 2) This survey is conducted in addition to our regular quarterly wage
our sustainability team. assessment. trade unions IndustriALL and IF Metall. We’ve
P.71 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our production supply chain
Detailed wage & worker data Bangladesh The number of tier 1 supplier workers increased
in the first half of the year, as markets returned to
for 20221
Average wages in Bangladesh increased pre-Covid levels. There was a minor decrease in
compared to 2021, with minor fluctuations business volume during the third quarter, as the
In 2022, we continued to monitor the wages throughout the first nine months of the year. Bangladesh garment industry saw the impact of
paid to workers by our suppliers’ factories. In this Peaks occurred in April and June, related to global economic instability. As a consequence,
section, we present this data for the first nine festival bonuses provided in line with national supplier employment numbers decreased slightly
months of the calendar year. holidays and included in payments for these due to shrinking labour demand.
respective months. These bonuses were included
Our commitment is to contribute to the full in the months of May and July in 2021.
enforcement of statutory minimum wages and the
wage levels agreed through collective bargaining,
while at the same time supporting an increase of
wages over time. Alongside average wage data,
we present available data about the number of
workers employed in suppliers’ factories for the
first nine months of the year. Average number of workers
582 591 598 586 592 593 582 579 573 (thousands)
We share data for nine months rather than the full
AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN BANGLADESH
year as we collect the data directly from suppliers 549 553 FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022,
and the most recent data is in the process of 514 524 522 524 538 531 COMPARED TO 2021
being verified at the time of reporting. This year, 505 2022
we added Pakistan and Vietnam to our detailed 2021
16,126
wage and worker data reporting.
14,520
11,321 10,960 10,836 11,112 11,464 10,907 11,667
11,311
Gross average wages (BDT)
8,098 AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN BANGLADESH
FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022
Average gross wage (2021)
Average minimum wage (2022)
1) Worker data covers workers at manufacturing (tier 1) factories for all JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT
commercial product types that have shared complete worker datapoints
with H&M Group for the equivalent months in 2022 and 2021.
P.72 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Social impact in our production supply chain
Cambodia on 1 January 2022. Wages spiked in June due Mainland China Similarly, the number of workers at mainland
to eligible workers receiving half-year seniority China tier 1 suppliers rose consistently during
Supplier operations in Cambodia continued their indemnity payment. In 2022, average gross wages in mainland China the period. Overall worker numbers were higher
recovery from the aftermath of the Covid-19 showed a positive trend, except for a dip in compared to 2021, with total employment levels
pandemic and saw a growing gross average wage The number of tier 1 supplier workers recovered worked hours and wages in February as a result showing fluctuations dependent on business
for the first nine months of 2022 compared to the since 2021, and were on par with the previous of the annual Chinese New Year Holiday, which is patterns.
same time in 2021. There was no Covid-related year during the first six months of 2022. The third consistent with previous years. Despite the social
suspension to factory production, and as a result quarter, however, saw a moderate decrease in the and economic effects of the Covid-19 motivated
wage levels and production hours remained number of workers, as product demands adjusted partial lockdowns during parts of the year, gross
consistent. The statutory minimum wage in due to inflation and geopolitical challenges, and wages were marginally higher than that in 2021.
Cambodia was increased by the Government began to be felt by suppliers.
Average number of workers Average number of workers
20 19 21 20 20 21 21 21 21 (thousands) 85 87 91 91 90 90 90 90 90 (thousands)
19 19 20 20 20 20 20 19 18 A F C O T O R M S U T P P H A P E R L E F I D E IR R T S O F T A 2 N C 0 I T N 2 O E 1 R M IE O S N I T N H C S A O M F B 2 O 0 D 2 I 2 A , 85 84 87 88 88 89 89 88 88 A F C O T O R M S U T P P H A P E R L E F I D E IR R T S O F T A 2 N C 0 I T N 2 O E 1 R M IE O S N I T N H M S A O IN F L 2 A 0 N 2 D 2, CHINA
2022 2022
1,395.2
2021 2021
4,204
1,205.2 1,178.2 1,117.6 1,107.6 1,186.7 1,203.0 1,195.8 1,144.8 3,647 3,777 3,966 3,863 3,947 4,034 4,040
1,137.6
3,636
Gross average wages 2,909
860.3
(KHR, thousands) Gross average wages (CNY)
AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN CAMBODIA 1,977 AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN MAINLAND CHINA
FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022 FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022
Average gross wage (2021) Average gross wage (2021)
Average minimum wage (2022) Average minimum wage (2022)
JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT
P.73 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 73]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 73]

----------------------------------------


[Table 3 — Page 73]

----------------------------------------


[Table 4 — Page 73]

----------------------------------------


[Table 5 — Page 73]

----------------------------------------


[Table 6 — Page 73]

----------------------------------------


Social impact in our production supply chain
India Improved conditions also contributed to higher Indonesia Compared to 2021, the average number of
employment levels. The number of tier 1 supplier workers increased significantly over the reporting
India’s recovery from the impacts of Covid-19 workers remained stable during the first nine The minimum wage in Indonesia was increased period. The last two months, however, saw a
continued and average monthly wages were months of 2022, after workforce numbers by 1.09% from 01 January 2022, with district slight decrease in employment numbers due to
consistently higher than the equivalent reporting that had been impacted by the pandemic and city wages calculated using formulas based lower demands throughout the industry causing a
period in 2021. There were Covid-19 associated showed recovery at the beginning of the year. on the national revision. Average wages among slowdown in worker recruitment.
disruptions between the end of March and Re-employment was further supported by the suppliers rose slightly compared to 2021. April
mid-May in 2021, whereas suppliers saw Central Government of India’s decision to extend saw a significant peak in workers’ pay, due to the
consistent and improved levels of worked hours its financial support in order to generate new mandatory Eid festival bonus pay out.
and renumeration during the first nine months of formal employment for people who had lost their
2022. In addition, the national minimum wage was jobs during the Covid-19 pandemic.
revised by the Indian Government in 2022, with a
general average increase of 5%.
103 104 105 105 105 105 103 101
127 127 128 125 125 127 127 123 121 Average number of workers 97 Average number of workers
(thousands) (thousands)
94 95 96 95 99 96 98 95
113 113 113 114 116 119 A T T H E S U FI P R P S L T IE N R I N FA E C M T O O N R T IE H S S I O N F I N 2 D 02 IA 2 , F OR A FO T R S U T P H P E L F IE IR R S F T A N C I T N O E R M IE O S N I T N H I S N D O O F N 2 E 0 S 2 I 2 A ,
108 105 108 COMPARED TO 2021 5,210.8 COMPARED TO 2021
2022 2022
2021 2021
11,285 11,034 11,370 11,601 11,659 11,674 11,399 11,631 11,863 2,965.1 2,965.1 2,974.8 2,937.9 2,996.5 2,928.4 3,018.22,983.7
2,838.1
10,404 Gross average wages
2,703.4
9,356 Gross average wages (INR) (IDR, thousands)
AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN INDIA FOR AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN INDONESIA
THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022 FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022
Average gross wage (2021) Average gross wage (2021)
Average minimum wage (2022) Average minimum wage (2022)
JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT
P.74 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 74]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 74]

----------------------------------------


[Table 3 — Page 74]

----------------------------------------


[Table 4 — Page 74]

----------------------------------------


[Table 5 — Page 74]

----------------------------------------


Social impact in our production supply chain
Myanmar country’s economy — with implications for Pakistan An overall increase can be seen in the total
businesses and workers in the country. The number of workers for the period in 2022
Production in Myanmar in 2022 experienced a minimum wage has not been adjusted since 2018. For the first nine months of 2022, year-on-year compared to 2021, with a small monthly variation.
limited impact from Covid-19, with improved wage gross average wages increased, as the industry The trend in decreasing numbers of workers in
levels and increased production hours as a result. bounced back from the Covid-19 pandemic. quarter three was mainly caused by suppliers
The number of tier 1 supplier workers recovered This increase was most significant following the experiencing a decline in demand followed the
from the previous year, with workforce numbers revision of the statutory minimum wage across global economic downturn.
totalling well beyond 2021 levels. Pakistan, which was raised to PKR 25,000. A
minor dip in average wages was recorded in May
Control measures on exchange rates were as a result of Eid celebration and harvest activities,
imposed in May 2022, but currency depreciation which decreased workers’ attendance and
and inflation remain major challenges for the declined production (a trend observed every year).
43 42 42 43 43 43 42 42 Average number of workers 57 57 56 57 57 Average number of workers
40 (thousands) 55 54 53 54 (thousands)
37 40 37 33 34 35 A F C O T O R M S U T P P H A P E R L E F I D E IR R T S O F T A 2 N C 0 I T N 2 O E 1 R M IE O S N I T N H M S Y O A F N 2 M 0 A 2 R 2 , 51 50 51 52 53 54 53 53 52 A F C O T O R M S U T P P H A P E R L E F I D E IR R T S O F T A 2 N C 0 I T N 2 O E 1 R M IE O S N I T N H P S A O KI F S 2 T 0 A 2 N 2 ,
30 30
2022 2022
2021 2021
248.5 33,200
30,538
205.1 205.4 215.8 209.1 219.5 217.5 216.0 214.9 26,722 27,397
198.2 Gross average wages 24,574 24,308 25,546 25,946 24,953 22,278
(MMK, thousands) 22,820 Gross average wages (PKR)
148.51
AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN MYANMAR FOR AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN PAKISTAN FOR
THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022 THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022
Average gross wage (2021) Average gross wage (2021)
Average minimum wage (2022) Average minimum wage (2022)
1) Minimum wage in Myanmar is on a per day
JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT basis at 4,800 Kyatt. As a result, the monthly JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT
average will vary.
P.75 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 75]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 75]

----------------------------------------


Social impact in our production supply chain
Turkey Despite the economic challenges, employment Vietnam minimum wages regulated by the government
levels remained consistent with pre-pandemic increased by approximately 6% in July 2022.
In 2022, Turkey experienced a difficult economic levels during the reporting period, with a Vietnam recorded similar year-on-year patterns of The increase varied depending on the living
period, with inflation rates of around 80%, significantly higher average than during 2021. Due average wages among suppliers during the nine expenses in respective regions. There was a slight
reduced currency rates and an export sector to the current economic outlook, however, there months reported, but with slightly higher numbers decrease in wages in February as a result of the
heavily affected by the Russian attack on Ukraine. is a trend of decreasing worker numbers during in 2022. The Covid-19 pandemic and related Tet holiday, which decreased workers’ attendance
Because of the devaluation of the lira, the Turkish quarter three. lockdowns that impacted the industry in previous (a trend observed every year).
Government decided to increase the statutory years did not recur. Wage levels in June and July
minimum wage twice during the year, by 40% 2021 were inflated by Covid-19 related subsidies There was a downward trend in the number of
in January 2022 (not visible in the graph) and by to maintain operations during local lockdowns workers during the year. This was mainly due to
an additional 29.3% in July. Consequently, wage — these subsidies have since been stopped, factories facing hiring challenges in an effort to
trends in the country were directly affected. with wages returning to normal levels as a result. mitigate worker changes due to a severe worker
Statutory minimum wage covering four regional shortage in the Vietnamese labour market.
32 32 32 32 32 32 31 31 31 Average number of workers 35 34 35 34 34 33 33 33 33 Average number of workers
(thousands) (thousands)
30 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 30 32 32 31 30 30 29 30 29 29
AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN TURKEY AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN VIETNAM
FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022, FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022,
COMPARED TO 2021 COMPARED TO 2021
2022 2022
2021 2021
8,688.0 8,644.8
8,298 8,055 8,230 7,672.7 7,747.2 7,672.5 7,822.6
7,400.9 7,319.9 7,310.3
7,399.0
6,713 6,747 6,808 Gross average wages
6,108 6,068 6,213
5,666 Gross average wages (TRY) (VND, thousands)
4,780 AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN TURKEY FOR AT SUPPLIER FACTORIES IN VIETNAM FOR
THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022 3,605.3 THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF 2022
Average gross wage (2021) Average gross wage (2021)
Average minimum wage (2022) Average minimum wage (2022)
JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JUL AUG SEPT
P.76 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 2 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 3 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 4 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 5 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 6 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 7 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 8 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 9 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 10 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 11 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


[Table 12 — Page 76]

----------------------------------------


Inclusion & diversity — Supply chain inclusion and diversity: – Our male to female staff ratio is 25%:75%. We
Supporting and encouraging our suppliers to recognise gender is not binary and that gender
take ownership of and drive progress on gender dimensions exist between and beyond male
equality and other inclusion and diversity issues. and female identities. We are exploring how
we can adapt our systems to be more inclusive
— Transparency: Sharing our goals, strategies of all genders, while also complying with local
Growing disparities around the world continue and progress widely and being accountable for laws and regulations. In the meantime, we will
to drive unequal access to opportunities. We our actions and their impact. continue to report on the data we currently
address these challenges by actively working have available.
to increase inclusivity and embed inclusion and Details of our commitments can be found in our
diversity (I&D) in our culture, operations and H&M Group Human Rights Policy, Sustainability — Our Colleague Resource Groups Council (an
communities. We seek to leverage diversity as Commitment and global social policies. evolution of the Colleague Peer Forum) is a new
a driver of business growth and an enabler of groupwide platform that provides a framework
human rights and equity across our value chain. for engagement on I&D issues. We aim to
Progress: internal diversity &
By 2025, we aim for our workplaces to be more strengthen internal dialogue on I&D with input
equality
inclusive and diverse, to leverage our diversity from colleague-led groups, focusing on enhanced
for greater success, and to use our business to cooperation and collaboration to foster diverse
advance inclusion in our communities. — Our new global I&D dashboard tracks key and inclusive workplaces. In 2022, the Council
indicators, which help us identify relevant defined its short- and long-term ambitions and
Our strategy focuses on: actions and set local targets to monitor our held two meetings.
progress. Local initiatives can include training
— Internal diversity and equality: Identifying completion rates, gender pay assessments, talent — We continue to run our LEAD (Learn,
and implementing best practices — such as acquisition processes, and increasing equitable Educate, Accelerate, Develop) programme in
frameworks, trainings, assessments and initiatives representation within the workforce across the US to help store managers from historically
on inclusion, diversity, equality and equity — to gender, age and ethnicity or nationality. underrepresented populations access leadership
nurture diversity and grow an inclusive culture. positions. The initiative includes mentoring,
– Our colleagues represent 174 nationalities, leadership training and peer networking. In 2022,
— Promoting diversity and equality: with leaders who manage people representing 27 colleagues participated in the programme, up
Contributing to just and equal societies by 96 nationalities.1 from 20 in 2021.
engaging with peers, being vocal about our work
and learnings, and demonstrating our values – Our workforce spans across several — In 2022, 75% of management positions were
through products and communications. generations: Generation Z: 25.7%; Millennials: held by female colleagues (2021: 71%) and our
61.2%; Generation X: 11.4%: and Baby Boomers: board of directors had a 55%:45% (female:male)
— Inclusion: Fostering open, safe, and tolerant 1.7%.1 gender split,2 the same as in 2021.
societies by supporting vulnerable populations
and promoting equal opportunities.
1) Does not include colleagues in Germany. Gen Z refers to those born in
1997-2015, Millenials 1981-1996, Gen X 1965-1980, and Baby boomers 2) Includes directors elected by AGM as well as employee representatives.
1946-1964. Does not include deputies of employee representatives.
P.77 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Inclusion & diversity
— In the US, we are asking our colleagues “I am treated with respect and dignity” (83% in topics such as unconscious bias and mindful which will enable organisations to identify gaps
for voluntary and anonymous input on self- 2021) and 76% agreed with the statement “Diverse representations of cultures. This year, we rolled within their operations.
identification preferences. The purpose is perspectives are valued at H&M Group” (74% in out Beyond the Binaries — a learning experience
to support our culture of inclusion, increase 2021. on LGBTQIA+ history and rights — and are — We observe growing restrictions to human
awareness and allyship, unlock diverse assessing the need for additional leadership rights, particularly LGBTQIA+ and women’s
perspectives, and to measure and track our — We developed a framework to embed I&D training. rights, in certain markets. We are monitoring and
progress on I&D goals. In our annual People trainings into our wider learning and development identifying potential opportunities to create fairer
Engagement Pulses H&M Group colleague survey, offering. The comprehensive programmes are outcomes at local levels.
Progress: promote diversity &
84% of respondents agreed with the statement tailored to colleagues’ individual roles, covering
equality
— Our brands continued to promote diversity
and equality. H&M HOME collaborated with
Inclusion & diversity training at H&M Group — Our ongoing partnership with the Unstereotype Special Needs Empowerment Hub (SNEH) to
Alliance (UA) works to address stereotypes in empower women in India to earn their own
COLLEAGUES PARTICIPATING IN ONE OR MORE TRAININGS 2020 2021 2022
marketing, through trainings and evaluation. An income by learning a craft. Since 2021, Monki has
Layers I&D training, number of colleagues 4,1521 23,2532 21,4762 internal working group enables colleagues from been working with Body Dismorphic Disorder
all our brands to exchange views on challenges Foundation (BDDF) to raise awareness and call for
and partake in the UA masterclass on different greater transparency on altered images in social
% of colleagues in brands (cumulative)3 - 15% 22%
perspectives. media.
% of colleagues in functions (cumulative) - 66% 71% — Colleagues in the US can request financial — Our new H&M Move brand is designed to
support from our internal One Team Fund when celebrate movement and remove barriers to sport
Unconscious bias training4 13,713 56,618 36,192 they face natural disasters or personal hardships, for all body types.
such as accessing out-of-state abortion care. We
continue to monitor access to safe abortion in the — Our brands also led a variety of LGBTQIA+
Mindful cultural representation training 72 05 114
country and are regularly assessing the need for celebrations. Monki partnered with Polyester Zine
additional actions. to run the 2nd edition of the Queer Creative Fund.
Legal and ethical aspects of product development training6 98 286 65 & Other Stories invited five local LGBTQIA+ artists
— We joined the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) to exhibit their work in five stores and donated to
Total participants in one or more trainings since 2018 (cumulative) 24,335 70,331 106,523 Global Parity Alliance to contribute to accelerating UN Human Rights’ Free & Equal campaign calling
progress on diversity, inclusion and equity by for LGBTQIA+ equality. Weekday hosted queer art
highlighting and spreading best practice. magazine Container Love’s #VisibleLove exhibition
Total participants in Layers since 2018 (cumulative) 7,725 31,005 52,481
in selected stores across Europe.
1) Includes six markets. 4) Data is for colleagues who have accessed the training on our internal — We maintained our engagement in the WEF
2) Includes all brands, functions and markets. learning system.
Alliance on Racial Justice. In 2022 the initiative — We began trialling new approaches to better
3) In 2022, we removed the separate KPI for Layers training in markets, 5) Trainings were paused during 2021 while the programme was updated
since there is such a high degree of overlap with the data from brands. and re-launched in a digital format in 2022. finalised a racial equity self-assessment tool cater to our non-binary customers and improve
6) This was called ‘Product and Print Policy training’ in the 2020 report.
P.78 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 78]
Inclusion & diversity training at H&M Group COLLEAGUES PARTICIPATING IN ONE OR MORE TRAININGS 2020 2021 2022 | |
----------------------------------------
| | 2022
Layers I&D training, number of colleagues 4,1521 23,2532 | | 21,4762
% of colleagues in brands (cumulative)3 - 15% | | 22%
% of colleagues in functions (cumulative) - 66% | | 71%
Unconscious bias training4 13,713 56,618 | | 36,192
Mindful cultural representation training 72 05 | | 114
Legal and ethical aspects of product development training6 98 286 | | 65
Total participants in one or more trainings since 2018 (cumulative) 24,335 70,331 | | 106,523
Total participants in Layers since 2018 (cumulative) 7,725 31,005 | | 52,481
1) Includes six markets. 2) Includes all brands, functions and markets. 3) In 2022, we removed the separate KPI for Layers training in markets, since there is such a high degree of overlap with the data from brands. | 4) Data is for colleagues who have accessed the training on our internal learning system. 5) Trainings were paused during 2021 while the programme was updated and re-launched in a digital format in 2022. 6) This was called ‘Product and Print Policy training’ in the 2020 report. |

Inclusion & diversity
their in-store experience. In Germany, we piloted — H&M South Africa and Clothes to Good’s (CTG)
Workers in our tier 1 production supply chain (to the nearest 1,000)
a gender-fluid shopping experience to respond to micro-business programme to lift women out
customers’ demands for greater representation of poverty is supporting 108 women, just over 2021 FEMALE 2022 FEMALE 2022 FEMALE 2022 MALE
and inclusive collections. The project included half of whom are mothers with disabled children.
consulting our H&M club members, creating Through CTG, we have employed six people Workers 63% 62% 715,000 441,000
gender-free merchandising, and curating with disabilities in our distribution centre in
assortments. Johannesburg. Supervisors 28% 27% 19,000 52,000
Progress: inclusion — H&M US continues to support Buy From a
Worker representatives 62% 63% 6,200 3,600
Black Woman (BFABW), a US charity empowering
— We continued working with the TENT Black women business owners. This year, H&M
Partnership for Refugees on their initiative to help used its channels and stores to highlight Black — We surpassed our goal of doubling the number — Almost 3,400 workers and 1,200 managers
women refugees in Europe access employment women-owned businesses, provided a donation of factories involved in our refugee initiative in and supervisors across 386 factories participated
opportunities through professional mentoring. to BFABW, and sponsored their accelerator Turkey. We initially planned to scale from 20 to 40 in various gender equality related trainings and
Currently we are offering this mentorship programme to help the businesses grow. The factories and now have 58 participating factories. activities.
opportunity to colleagues in Germany and Italy brand also covered costs for colleagues to join the We have identified several factors that make it
and we have run a small pilot in Sweden. Six BFABW online directory and network. difficult for suppliers to commit to the scheme, — Activities and trainings on preventing sexual
refugees have started the programme in Germany such as the pandemic’s aftermath and ongoing harassment and gender-based violence have in
with four and two refugees completing the political tensions. This is likely to limit the number 2022 alone reached more than 414,000 workers.
Progress: supply chain inclusion
programme in Italy and Sweden respectively. The of refugees supported by this initiative and may
& diversity
roll-out of the initiative in the Netherlands has hinder our success in reaching our objective of — We rolled out our Women’s Career and
been delayed. 2,000 refugees employed cumulatively by 2025. Development programme to cover 36 production
We’re improving our approach to preventing, 750 refugees have been employed in our supply units in Turkey. The scheme aims to increase the
— In response to the war in Ukraine, colleagues detecting and handling cases of gender-based chain in Turkey since the start of this initiative in number of female supervisors and in 2022, the
from neighbouring countries donated stock, violence and sexual harassment (GBVH) in our 2016. share of female supervisors, in these production
funds, personal items, food and hygiene products supply chain. Together with Jane Pillinger (Ph.D), units in Turkey, grew from 27% to 46%.
for refugees. Stores have partnered with local a global expert on gender equality and gender- — Building on the training of H&M Group
organisations to raise awareness and facilitate based violence at work, we conducted trainings colleagues, we are creating a guideline together — We are working with UN Women India to
refugee integration, in addition to supporting and workshops for our employees with social with IndustriAll and Jane Pillinger to help suppliers prevent gender-based violence and harassment
Ukraine-based associations. H&M Group worked sustainability roles in our production supply chain detect, prevent and manage GBVH cases. This will (GBVH) in the state of Tamil Nadu. Together with
with the International Organization for Migration — to raise awareness and provide supporting be rolled out to suppliers during 2023. Our joint local and global partners, we aim to identify and
(IOM) to enable the safe hiring of refugees from tools for suppliers to prevent GBVH and handle work is reported as good practice in the Global implement locally owned safety solutions for
the country and are encouraging suppliers to grievances. Deal (OECD/ILO) Flagship Report 2022. women and address GBVH at the community
employ refugees by sharing information and level.
support.
P.79 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 79]
Workers in our tier 1 production supply chain (to the nearest 1,000) 2021 FEMALE 2022 FEMALE 2022 FEMALE 2022 MALE | | |
----------------------------------------
| 2022 FEMALE | 2022 FEMALE | 2022 MALE
Workers 63% | 62% | 715,000 | 441,000
Supervisors 28% | 27% | 19,000 | 52,000
Worker representatives 62% | 63% | 6,200 | 3,600

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SSUUPPPPLLYY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
Inclusion & diversity
— Our health and wellbeing project in Indonesia to workers’ needs and have broadened the scope
continues to empower women in our supply chain to include gender equality. 105 workers, 84
through trainings on wealth, reproductive health, managers and supervisors, and 21 factories were
malnutrition and gender-based violence. Working engaged in 2022.
together with the United Nations Population Fund
(UNFPA), we reached 2,200 workers and enrolled — We strengthened our approach to addressing
7 production units in 2022. The programme has the gender pay and skill gap in the supply chain
engaged 47,200 workers since 2019. and have hired wages expert Professor Raymond
Robertson to advise us. For more information, see
— COS defined and published its own Gender Social Impact in our Production Supply Chain.
Equality Strategy, based on the H&M Group
production supply chain Gender Equality Strategy. Progress: transparency societal diversity, others implement restrictive collective change as well as meet stakeholder
laws and limit pluralism. In some markets, legal expectations.
— & Other Stories also used the H&M Group — We provided data and information to the 2022 constraints can reduce our ability to roll out
strategy to define its own Gender Equality Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index, which aims to trainings and ensure that all can benefit from our — We will explore how we can advance supplier
Strategy, including goals and performance bring transparency to gender-related practices by commitment to I&D. We are constantly exploring and business partner diversity. We want to
metrics, and has communicated these to its tier 1 providing stakeholders with more in-depth data how we can best contribute to public dialogue encourage our partners to recognise inclusion
suppliers. It is the best performing brand on the on policies, processes and actions. on these issues and help influence policies and and diversity as core business strengths and to
proportion of female supervisors in its supply attitudes in accordance with our values. embrace strategies that embed them in their
chain, with 56% of female supervisors, compared — We rolled out our I&D dashboard across our operations.
to 39% across the group. operations. This tool will support and guide local — Hybrid and digital working during the pandemic
decision-making and priorities going forward. opened up the potential for more diversity, while — Following our implementation of processes
— We started working with UNICEF and 13 returning to the office strengthens our culture and that more systematically gather, aggregate and
suppliers in Bangladesh to upgrade the childcare Learnings relationships. We are keen to continue leveraging analyse data through our I&D Insights Dashboard,
facilities for the workers’ children. both ways of working to remove practical barriers we will continue to explore how to use this data-
— We have a clear ambition for inclusion and and strengthen internal diversity. driven approach to improve I&D.
— We partnered with Better Work and USAID diversity across the H&M Group. Our current
Mitra Kunci to enrol more workers with disabilities challenge lies in the need for continuous Future focus — To promote women’s empowerment among
in our suppliers’ factories in Indonesia. In 2022, implementation and the provision of support to suppliers, we now score suppliers on three
525 workers with a disability were hired and we markets and functions with different levels of — To further increase transparency, we will share dimensions: ratio of women employed, ratio of
enrolled five additional supplier factories in the maturity and expertise. more information on our I&D efforts, results and women supervisors, and gender pay gap. We
project. learnings. We aim to participate in additional believe this will encourage suppliers to focus on
— In an increasingly polarised world, we see rankings and benchmarks and engage with more gender equality and deliver progress.
— In Bangladesh, we’ve tailored GEAR project varying acceptance of our inclusion and diversity peer groups to accelerate organisational and
trainings on female leadership to better respond values. As some countries broaden rights and
P.80 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Community engagement
Learnings Future focus
— Boosting employee involvement in the local — We will continue to expand My Store to create
community is important for employee satisfaction: positive change at a local level.
our employees engaged in My Store showed 5%
We have an opportunity to support and champion Progress higher People Engagement Pulses (PEP) survey — Our social community initiatives will continue to
people beyond our value chain, especially in times scores than those not involved.2 focus on I&D, and our environmental community
of global uncertainty, conflict and environmental — We contributed SEK 114.2 million1 to community activities on climate and nature. We aim to provide
crises. Our objective is to empower communities investment initiatives, reaching 745,517 continuous support as well as ad hoc relief when
to create positive change for people and the beneficiaries. disasters occur.
planet.
— Our community engagement programme
Community engagement results
We engage in the communities outside our My Store expanded, engaging customers and
value chain where we and our suppliers operate, colleagues on local sustainability issues. Now all
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT INITIATIVES 2020 2021 2022
supporting marginalised, underprivileged and countries in the Central Europe region within the
vulnerable groups of people as well as initiatives H&M brand are participating, in addition to Spain Total number of beneficiaries3 See footnote 3 368,000 745,517
with a focus on climate and nature. Read more and India, with 80% of the initiatives focusing
about how we work with communities connected on I&D in underprivileged groups. 207 stores Total contributions1 See footnote 3 SEK 180.4 million SEK 114.2 million
to our value chain through our work on inclusion & currently participate.
diversity (I&D), human rights, social impact in our Total in-kind giving See footnote 3 SEK 134.5 million SEK 50.3 million
production supply chain, water and biodiversity. — Following the start of the war in Ukraine, H&M
Group split a EUR 1.5 million donation equally to Total cash contributions See footnote 3 SEK 38.8 million SEK 52.7 million
Our contributions include donations, paid our long-standing partners UNICEF and UNHCR.
employee volunteering, and partnerships with We also donated 150,836 garments to UNHCR.
Total management overheads See footnote 3 SEK 6.3 million SEK 9.0 million
NGOs such as WWF, the TENT Partnership for Our customers donated SEK 10,972,927 in stores
Refugees, the United Nations Children’s Fund and online, in collaboration with our payment
Total employee volunteering See footnote 3 SEK 0.8 million SEK 2.1 million
(UNICEF), the United Nations High Commissioner service provider ADYEN. Due to large demand
for Refugees (UNHCR) and many more. To in other regions of the world, we also donated
Total number of collaboration partners4 See footnote 4 See footnote 4 137
accelerate our efforts, we partner with Business 190,513 pieces of clothing to UNHCR for people in
for Societal Impact (B4SI), the global standard in South Sudan.
Total number of colleagues engaged See footnote 4 See footnote 4 12,763
measuring and managing social impact.
— COS launched a programme that pays up to
Total number of customers engaged See footnote 4 See footnote 4 717,019
eight hours of volunteering time annually for
colleagues working over 20 hours a week.
1) Includes in-kind giving SEK 50.3 million, cash contributions SEK 52.7 million, management overheads SEK 9.0 million, employee volunteering SEK 2.1
million.
2) Based on data from PEP respondents in Germany, where My Store has been running the longest.
3) New KPIs introduced in 2021 as we progress our inclusion and diversity ambitions and begin tracking change in our community investment and
engagement programmes.
4) New KPIs introduced in 2022 as we begin tracking change in our partnerships and colleague and customer engagement.
P.81 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 81]
Community engagement results COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT INITIATIVES 2020 2021 2022 |
----------------------------------------
| 2022
Total number of beneficiaries3 See footnote 3 368,000 | 745,517
Total contributions1 See footnote 3 SEK 180.4 million | SEK 114.2 million
Total in-kind giving See footnote 3 SEK 134.5 million | SEK 50.3 million
Total cash contributions See footnote 3 SEK 38.8 million | SEK 52.7 million
Total management overheads See footnote 3 SEK 6.3 million | SEK 9.0 million
Total employee volunteering See footnote 3 SEK 0.8 million | SEK 2.1 million
Total number of collaboration partners4 See footnote 4 See footnote 4 | 137
Total number of colleagues engaged See footnote 4 See footnote 4 | 12,763
Total number of customers engaged See footnote 4 See footnote 4 | 717,019
1) Includes in-kind giving SEK 50.3 million, cash contributions SEK 52.7 million, management overheads SEK 9.0 million, employee volunteering SEK 2.1 million. 2) Based on data from PEP respondents in Germany, where My Store has been running the longest. 3) New KPIs introduced in 2021 as we progress our inclusion and diversity ambitions and begin tracking change in our community investment and engagement programmes. 4) New KPIs introduced in 2022 as we begin tracking change in our partnerships and colleague and customer engagement. |

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE
Supply chain managemen
We’re committed to raising the standards in our — Capacity building: Support for suppliers to
industry by working with our suppliers to improve identify priority areas and set goals.
environmental and social performance. We
choose suppliers who share our values, building — Grievance mechanisms and worker voice:
long-term partnerships. Ensuring opportunities for workers to report
concerns and have their voices heard.
Our work is focused on our production supply
chain, where we have the biggest impact, and we — Dealing with incidents: Recording and
require all our suppliers and business partners investigating potential incidents. Issuing a letter
to comply with our Sustainability Commitment of concern and requiring a corrective action plan
and Code of Ethics. We work with suppliers to go for all non-compliance cases, and engaging with
beyond the minimum legal requirements, with suppliers on remediation actions — for example
the aim to create lasting social and environmental changes to policies and processes, training, and
change throughout our supply chain. other relevant actions.
We gauge compliance and performance using Progress: supplier relationships
our Sustainable Impact Partnership Programme
(SIPP). Through SIPP we ensure all suppliers meet — Our updated minimum requirements now
our minimum requirements, and we support prevent onboarding of new suppliers who use
our tier 1 and 2 suppliers to raise standards and coal boilers, alongside other updates to ensure
take ownership of their sustainability goals. SIPP alignment with FEM & FSLM. We have also
includes: committed to phase out suppliers who allow
recruitment fees for migrant workers by 2025.
— Minimum requirements: Assessment of all
new suppliers, with ongoing follow-up checks. — To extend our supply chain management
approach we continued trialling the extension
— Self-assessment and verification: Self- of Higg Index coverage to our tier 2 production
assessment using industrywide tools including suppliers.
the Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s (SAC) Higg
Facility Environmental Module (FEM) and — Read about our 2022 work to support human
Higg Facility Social and Labor Module (FSLM), rights across our supply chains.
verified by a third party.
P.82 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

& NATURE FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT
nt
Defining our supply chain We have historically focused largely on our
production supply chain as this is where we
We often use the term “supply chain” to talk have the biggest impact. We are increasingly
about all the suppliers that contribute to working more closely with our other supply
our business. We actually work with several chains, taking the same systematic approach
different supply chains, including our: to identifying the most significant risks to
human rights and addressing them through
— Production supply chain: Suppliers that partnership and continuous improvement.
contribute to making the apparel, footwear, Read more about our progress in safeguarding
homeware and beauty products we sell human rights with wider supply chains.
through our brands.
Our supply chain also has different levels or
— External brands: The supply chains of “tiers” that materials pass through during
external brands sold through our sales channels. production. We group suppliers into tiers
based on their role in production. Sometimes
— Non-commercial goods (NCG) production there is overlap between the tiers, where
supply chain: Suppliers that produce goods multiple suppliers can be involved in the same
we use in our stores or marketing materials, production stage. We work most closely with
such as tables, hangers, mannequins, etc. tier 1 and 2 suppliers:
— Services supply chain: Suppliers that — Tier 1: Includes manufacturing suppliers and
provide services such as landlords, cleaning, subcontracted factories, who make products
construction, warehouse operations and by cutting, sewing and processing.
transportation.
— Tier 2: Primarily suppliers who provide the
— Other supply chains & business partners: fabrics, yarns and trims for products, including
Such as administration, business services, spinning, tanning, weaving, fabric dyeing and
procurement and communication and printing factories.
marketing services.
Read more about our supplier tiers.

Supply chain management
Our supply chain management ecosystem
SUPPLIER
MONITORING AND
PERFORMANCE CAPACITY BUILDING TAILORED ACTION
PERFORMANCE
INDICATORS AND TRAINING PLANS
ASSESMENTS
FEM/FSLM indicators,
Sustainability Index
scores, non-compliances, STRATEGIC PROGRAMMES, ROADMAPS AND COLLABORATIONS
grievances and incidents RISK AND
IMPACT
ASSESSMENTS
Factory level
PRIORITISATION
Of countries based on COUNTRY STRATEGIES
Industry level assessment of salient To address prioritised environmental and human rights risks and drive positive impact
human rights issues
such as wages
ENABLING ENVIRONMENT
PUBLIC AFFAIRS
Country-level regulations, governance
and industrial relations
Country / community level
Assessment tools Drives action
P.83 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 83]
| RISK AND IMPACT ASSESSMENTS | | | |
----------------------------------------
| | | PRIORITISATION | |
| | | Of countries based on assessment of salient human rights issues | | COUNTRY STRATEGIES To address prioritised environmental and human rights risks and drive positive impact
| | | such as wages | |

Supply chain management
Progress: industry tools & — The average FEM score across participating
Higg Index results
supplier factories was 64 out of 100. We plan
standards
to use the FSLM industry scoring tool when it is TIER 1 TIER 2
ready. SUPPLIER THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIER THIRD-PARTY
FACTORIES VERIFICATIONS FACTORIES VERIFICATIONS
— We continued contributing to the development
of the Social & Labour Convergence Program — 111 suppliers reported minimum requirement
FEM 858 (67)% 99% 509 (53)% 99%
(SLCP) tool — the assessment tool for FSLM. As non-compliances across tier 1 (88) and 2 (23)
an FSLM strategic council member, we provided suppliers, leading to:
FSLM 843 (66)% 100% 501 (52)% 100%
ongoing input on development of a new SLCP
assessment tool and a common scoring system – 128 minimum requirement non-compliance
for Higg FSLM. We are advocating for a move cases — 72 for social, 12 for environmental,
FEM scores
towards impact-based scoring rather than and 25 for business practice issues.
compliance checks. 2019 2020 2021 2022
– 57 letters of concern issued as part of
Overall score (out of 100)2 47 52 57 64
— The SAC temporarily paused the Higg Index our process to resolve human rights and
Transparency Program for further review due to environmental issues (see table on page 85).
external criticism. Read more about our work to Based on the combined average for:
progress industrywide transparency. – 4 terminations of business relationships with
suppliers due to minimum requirement non- Environmental Management Systems 52 59 70 78
compliance issues.
Progress: supplier assessment
Energy use and greenhouse gas emissions 75 82 87 91
& performance
— Investigated incidents of potential noncompliance with the Code of Ethics resulted in
Water use 62 73 76 82
— We continued a mix of onsite and offsite one written warning to a business partner.1
assessments and verifications for SIPP, Higg
Wastewater 51 59 67 74
FEM and Higg FSLM, in line with local Covid-19
restrictions. See table for FEM and FSLM
participation and verification results. Waste management 31 34 37 44
— 100% of tier 1 supplier factories and 100% of tier Air emissions 30 29 29 39
2 dyeing and printing factories implemented SIPP.
100% of NCG suppliers and 100% of their factories Chemical management 27 29 32 39
implemented SIPP.
2) Average of all active, approved tier 1 and tier 2 factories that have a verified score, except 4 factories providing self-assessed result due to their high
performance and low deviation between self-assessed and verified score in the past years. Scores are based on the previous year’s data, e.g. the 2022
1) See page 88 for an assurance statement relating to this data point. overall score is based on 2021 data.
P.84 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 84]
Higg Index results TIER 1 TIER 2
----------------------------------------
SUPPLIER THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIER THIRD-PARTY FACTORIES VERIFICATIONS FACTORIES VERIFICATIONS
FEM 858 (67)% 99% 509 (53)% 99%
FSLM 843 (66)% 100% 501 (52)% 100%

[Table 2 — Page 84]
FEM scores 2019 2020 2021 2022 |
----------------------------------------
| 2022
Overall score (out of 100)2 47 52 57 | 64
Based on the combined average for: |
Environmental Management Systems 52 59 70 | 78
Energy use and greenhouse gas emissions 75 82 87 | 91
Water use 62 73 76 | 82
Wastewater 51 59 67 | 74
Waste management 31 34 37 | 44
Air emissions 30 29 29 | 39
Chemical management 27 29 32 | 39
2) Average of all active, approved tier 1 and tier 2 factories that have a verified score, except 4 factories providing self-assessed result due to their high performance and low deviation between self-assessed and verified score in the past years. Scores are based on the previous year’s data, e.g. the 2022 overall score is based on 2021 data. |

Supply chain management
Learnings 2023. This will include supplementing our current
Letters of concern issued to suppliers for non-compliance with minimum requirements1
data with worker voice data to fully assess
— Developing industry tools and standards grievance mechanism functionality in line with the
ISSUE LETTER OF CONCERN TOPICS 2019 2020 20212 2022
based on impacts rather than compliance UN Guiding Principles. We will also increase the
checks will require work to fill gaps in data and visibility of the data we gather on grievances and
Legal licences, emergency planning,
Health & safety 18 3 2 10
increase visibility of issues on the ground. We use this information to connect performance on fire safety
are committed to working with our suppliers to grievance mechanisms with other social progress
improve the quality and reliability of the data we indicators — such as inclusion and diversity, health
Child labour Child labour 0 0 0 0
collect. We do, however, face some challenges and safety, and wages.
such as accuracy of third-party data verifications,
and we continue to give constant feedback to
Compensation, minimum wage,
Fair living wage 63 4 2 8
verification oversight organisations to address overtime compensation
discrepancies, which should help us improve data Remediation in action
quality for industry tools. Further improvements
Freedom of association & Worker involvement &
7 2 2 0
are likely to involve expanding the channels In 2022, the Bangladesh Garment and collective bargaining agreements communication
through which we gather data and compliance Industrial Workers Federation (BGIWF)
information, including working more with external raised allegations relating to one of our
Social security, forced labour,
auditors and using complementary tools such as tier 1 supplier factories — including long- modern slavery Recruitment & hiring 8 3 1 7
grievance mechanisms. running issues with the formation of a
union and the government registration
Future focus process for workers at the factory. Discrimination & harassment Worker treatment & development 2 0 1 0
— We will continue to improve our Sustainability Intervention by our National Monitoring
Index to better reflect and reward the Committee led to a memorandum of Access to water Water use, wastewater 7 4 7 7
sustainability performance of our suppliers. understanding between BGIWF and
factory management, providing a
— We will continue to extend Higg module foundation to improve industrial relations. Environmental Energy, chemicals 4 1 4 0
participation with our suppliers, including working The factory has since developed action
with peers to explore how best to assess tier 3 plans that include dialogue with BGIWF
Use of undeclared units,
and 4 production suppliers. on workers’ rights and responsibilities, Other 24 11 19 25
transparency
working to establish a functional trade
— We plan to scale up the use of digital grievance union, and training factory employees on
mechanisms and worker voice surveys to mitigate handling workers’ issues. 1) Tier 1 supplier factories. requirements for non-compliance cases, reiterating the importance of
and address supply chain risks that we see in 2) In 2021, we began extracting minimum requirements non-compliance alternative due diligence approaches, including workplace dialogue and
data from industry tools where the majority of cases were verified effective grievance channels for workers to raise issues.
on-site by a third party. This resulted in significantly lower minimum
P.85 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

[Table 1 — Page 85]
Letters of concern issued to suppliers for non-compliance with minimum requirements1 ISSUE LETTER OF CONCERN TOPICS 2019 2020 20212 2022 |
----------------------------------------
| 2022
Legal licences, emergency planning, Health & safety 18 3 2 fire safety | 10
Child labour Child labour 0 0 0 | 0
Compensation, minimum wage, Fair living wage 63 4 2 overtime compensation | 8
Freedom of association & Worker involvement & 7 2 2 collective bargaining agreements communication | 0
Social security, forced labour, Recruitment & hiring 8 3 1 modern slavery | 7
Discrimination & harassment Worker treatment & development 2 0 1 | 0
Access to water Water use, wastewater 7 4 7 | 7
Environmental Energy, chemicals 4 1 4 | 0
Use of undeclared units, Other 24 11 19 transparency | 25

How we report
Scope & data Frameworks — Greater legislative attention on businesses’
human rights commitments and due diligence
Every year, H&M Group produces a sustainability — Global Reporting Initiative (GRI): This report is is creating a growing assortment of reporting
performance report that discloses sustainability prepared in accordance with the revised Universal requirements. We report in accordance with
policies, targets, strategy, programmes and GRI Standards. Download our GRI index. relevant legislation, including policies developed by
performance data for the global group operations the European Union, Germany, Norway and the UK.
of H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (also called H&M — UN Guiding Principles (UNGP) Reporting
Group in this report). Framework: In 2015 we became one of the first Our website offers more information on how we
companies to report on human rights in line with report and our material issues. This includes our
Our 2022 reporting comprises eight H&M Group the UNGP Reporting Framework. We conduct process for identifying and updating the most
brands (H&M, COS, Weekday, Monki, H&M HOME, regular reviews of salient human rights issues material topics and their boundaries.
& Other Stories, ARKET and Afound), in addition in our materiality assessment. Read about our
to subsidiaries that are either wholly or partially reporting approach for more information.
owned during the financial year from 1 December
2021 to 30 November 2022, unless declared — Task Force on Climate-related Financial
otherwise. Find a full list of entities in our Annual Disclosures (TCFD): We have performed a climate
and Sustainability Report 2022. risk analysis following the Task Force on ClimateRelated Disclosure (TCFD) guidelines. Find further
We have further integrated our reporting to meet information in our Annual and Sustainability
the increasing number of sustainability disclosure Report.
requirements. This Sustainability Disclosure
complements our Annual and Sustainability — UN Global Compact and CEO Water Mandate:
Report, which includes our Corporate We are signatories to the UN Global Compact.
Governance Report, Statutory Sustainability Our annual sustainability reporting acts as our
Report and Financial reports. Supporting web Communication on Progress for the UN Global
content and reporting indexes provide additional Compact and CEO Water Mandate. We will
information. disclose using the new UN Global Compact digital
reporting system from 2023 onwards.
We continue to improve how we calculate and
compare our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions data. — Modern Slavery Act: We report in line with
Read more about how we calculate our emissions. regulatory frameworks such as the UK Modern
Slavery Act. See our Modern Slavery Statement.
P.86 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

UN Sustainable Development Goals
The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a global call to action. They inform our approach to to Action, which aims to accelerate progress towards the SDGs. Here we present our contributions to
prioritising and tackling social, environmental and economic challenges. We are part of the Business Call the SDGs, both directly (through delivering our strategy), indirectly, and through partnerships.
Our relationship with the UN SDGs
DIRECT INFLUENCE INDIRECT INFLUENCE CONTRIBUTION THROUGH DIRECT INFLUENCE INDIRECT INFLUENCE CONTRIBUTION THROUGH
GOAL THROUGH OUR STRATEGY THROUGH OUR STRATEGY OUR PARTNERSHIPS GOAL THROUGH OUR STRATEGY THROUGH OUR STRATEGY OUR PARTNERSHIPS
1 No poverty Fair & Equal • 10 Reduced inequalities Fair & Equal •
2 Zero hunger • • 11 Sustainable cities & communities •
Leading the Change;
3 Good health & well-being Fair & Equal • 12 Responsible consumption & production Circularity, Climate & •
Nature
4 Quality education • 13 Climate action Circularity, Climate & •
Nature
5 Gender equality Fair & Equal • 14 Life below water Circularity, Climate & • •
Nature
6 Clean water & sanitation Circularity, Climate & • • 15 Life on land Circularity, Climate & • •
Nature Nature
7 Affordable & clean energy Circularity, Climate & • 16 Peace, justice and strong institutions Fair & Equal • •
Nature
Leading the Change;
8 Decent work & economic growth Fair & Equal • 17 Partnerships for the goals Circularity, Climate & • •
Nature
Leading the Change;
9 Industry, innovation and infrastructure Circularity, Climate & •
Nature
P.87 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

Auditor’s report
Auditor’s Assurance Report on specified in ‘Material Issues 2022’, ‘Materiality Matrix 2022’, — Anti-corruption: Responsibilities of the auditor
sustainability information in H & M Group’s ‘How we report 2022’ and on pages 63 and 86-87 Confirmed incidents of non-compliance with
Sustainability Disclosure 2022 report in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 report’. the Code of Ethics and actions taken (part of Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on
Disclosure 205-3), reported on page 84 in the the above specified disclosures in the specified
To H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB, corporate identity — Energy: ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 report’. documents based on the limited assurance
number 556042-7220 Energy consumption within the organization and procedures we have performed. The selection of
percentage of renewable energy (Disclosure disclosures to be reviewed has been made by the
Responsibilities of the
Introduction 302-1), page 30 in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure management of H&M Group. Our engagement
Board of Directors and the
2022 report. Energy intensity (Disclosure 302-3), is limited to the above specified information,
We have been engaged by the Board of Directors page 30 in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 Executive Management for the which does not include web-links, and is limited
and Executive Management of H&M Hennes & report’. to historical information presented and does
Sustainability Report
Mauritz AB (H&M Group) to perform a limited therefore not cover future-oriented information.
assurance engagement on selected information, — Emissions:
presented in the H&M Group’s ‘Sustainability Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions (Disclosure 305-1), The Board of Directors and the Executive We conducted our limited assurance engagement
Disclosure 2022 report’, ‘Material Issues 2022’, page 29 in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 Management are responsible for the preparation in accordance with ISAE 3000 (revised) Assurance
‘Materiality Matrix 2022’ and ‘Stakeholder report’. Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions of the Sustainability Report in accordance with Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews
Engagement 2022’ with regards to the below (Disclosure 305-2), page 29 in the ‘Sustainability the applicable criteria, as explained on page of Historical Financial Information. A limited
disclosures referred to in the GRI index that Disclosure 2022 report’. Other indirect (Scope 86 in the Sustainability Disclosure 2022 report, assurance engagement consists of making
can be found in the ‘GRI content index 2022’. 3) GHG emissions, limited to transportation, and are the parts of the Sustainability Reporting inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
Reporting principles can be found in ‘How we materials, fabric production and garment Guidelines published by GRI (Global Reporting the preparation of the Sustainability Report, and
Report 2022’. manufacturing (part of Disclosure 305-3), page 30 Initiative) which are applicable to the Sustainability applying analytical and other limited assurance
in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 report’. Report, as well as the accounting and calculation procedures. The procedures performed in a
— Approach to stakeholder engagement principles that the Company has developed. This limited assurance engagement vary in nature
(Disclosure 2-29), reported in ‘Stakeholder — Materials: responsibility also includes the internal control from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable
Engagement 2022’, ‘Material Issues 2022’ and on Materials used by weight or volume, limited to relevant to the preparation of a Sustainability assurance engagement conducted in accordance
pages 15-16 in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 cotton and synthetic materials including top Report that is free from material misstatements, with International Standards on Auditing and other
report’. 3 recycled materials (part of Disclosure 301-1), whether due to fraud or error. generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden.
page 43-44 in the ‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022
— Process to determine material topics and list report’. The firm applies International Standard on Quality
of material topics (Disclosures 3.1, 3.2), reported Management 1, which requires the firm to design,
P.88 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY HOW WE LEAD CHANGE 2022 HIGHLIGHTS CIRCULARITY, CLIMATE & NATURE
Auditor’s report
implement and operate a system of quality Conclusion
management including policies or procedures
regarding compliance with ethical requirements, Based on the limited assurance procedures
professional standards and applicable legal and we have performed, nothing has come to our
regulatory requirements. We are independent attention that causes us to believe that the
of H&M Group in accordance with professional information regarding the above specified
ethics for accountants in Sweden and have disclosures in H&M Group’s ‘Sustainability
otherwise fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in Disclosure 2022 report’, is not prepared, in all
accordance with these requirements. material respects, in accordance with the criteria
defined by the Board of Directors and Executive
The procedures performed consequently do Management.
not enable us to obtain assurance that we would
become aware of all significant matters that
might be identified in a reasonable assurance Stockholm 23 March 2023
engagement. Deloitte AB
Accordingly, the conclusion of the procedures
performed do not express a reasonable assurance Didrik Roos
conclusion. Authorized Public Accountant
Our procedures are based on the criteria defined Lennart Nordqvist
by the Board of Directors and the Executive Expert Member of FAR
Management as described above. We consider
these criteria suitable for the preparation of the
above specified disclosures presented in the
‘Sustainability Disclosure 2022 report’.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our conclusion below.
P.89 LEADING SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING SINCE 2002

FAIR & EQUAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT HOW WE REPORT

Sustainability Disclosure 2022
If you have questions, need help locating
information, or want to find the latest on our
sustainability work including strategy, goals,
standards and policies, please contact
kelly.langpap@hm.com.
We appreciate your feedback.
Thank you.